Senior Verification & Validation Engineer / Test Engineer
Place of work
Galvaniho 7, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Type of contract
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (minimum gross)
2 300 EUR/month
WHY is working at FRAMATOME unique:
Framatome is aiming to give the world a carbon free and reliable energy for the future through nuclear energy.
As the working environment is unique and he added value brought is
only possible with talented individuals
, open communication and trust are the foundation of our way of acting.
We believe in our employees and give them everything required to succeed.
They are our main asset.
Our employees are creating, designing, and also changing within an organization that only exists thanks to their curiosity and eagerness to learn and improve the world.
HOW do we achieve our goals:
Evidently, reaching a carbon free future through the nuclear industry is impossible without a passioned Verification & Validation team (V&V). The V&V team relies on detail orientation, collaboration, and passion.
Detail is important because every small detail matters. Collaboration, as working with other teams is crucial to achieve our ambitious common goal. And passion, because it is the main motivation to grow through the trainings given by the company and have the curiosity to learn every day.
What is the scope of our V&V Team?
The V&V team is responsible for:
Verification:
Contribution to review of the designs
Validation:
Preparation of test procedures
Development of test automation software and automatic test scripts
Performance of test simulations (using software tools and simulators)
Analysis and presentation of test results (by written form)
Test performance on Test Bay or on the power plant site (occasionally)
Joining the Bratislava V&V team gives the opportunity to work on different projects. In addition, as you will be working with other Framatome branches located abroad, you will get to know other teams and other fields.
We are looking for someone with …
• Master's degree in Technical Engineering (Automation Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Physics, etc.)
• 3+ years of experience in an equivalent position
• Experience with programming (e. g. C/C++, Python)
• Ability to communicate in English - mainly in written form. Slovak is not mandatory
• Analytical mind: ability to identify, describe and resolve the problems as well as to report the results independently
• Ability to learn by yourself supported by a know-how transfer, curiosity
• Technical rigorousness and focus on details
• Desire to be durably invested and to grow professionally
• Experience with elaboration of technical documents in English
• Experience in Linux and usage of command line
• Professional experience in the field of software testing, safety related system or any kind of simulation
• Willingness to travel (upon personal preferences)
Joining Framatome Controls means...
• Professional and personal development opportunities
• Tailored training to be involved
• Mentorship system by manager, senior colleagues and your team to develop all necessary competencies
• Skills improvement when working with other Framatome branches (mainly with Framatome Germany or France)
Note: Every employee can choose when to start and end his workday between 6 am and 6 pm. The two requirements are to reach the number of daily hours required (8hrs/day) and to be available during the core hours (i.e. between 9 am and 3 pm).
Financial rewards:
• At least 2300 EUR gross/month
• 13th month salary
• Yearly salary review
• Welcome bonus
Other bonuses:
• Annual performance bonus
• Language course allowance (German, English or French)
• Bonus for successful referral of new employee
Kľúčové slová: PLC programátor, inžinier automatizácie, tester, kybernetika, automatizácia a riadenie, SKR, verifikácia, validácia, inžinier systémov kontroly a riadenia
Contact
Please send your
CV in English
or questions about this position to:
Quentin Trembleau
quentin.trembleau.ext@framatome.com
Framatome Controls s. r. o., Galvaniho 7, 821 04 Bratislava
www.framatome.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
1556327
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.10.2025
2025-10-17
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
C++ Programmer
,
IC Design Engineer
,
IT Tester
,
Process Engineer
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Framatome Controls s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 300 EUR/month