Pozíció leírása / Job description
The company is world-leading powerhouse in the development and manufacturing of
Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs)
. With a rich industrial heritage and a forward-thinking mindset, they bridge the gap between complex chemistry and life-saving medicine.
Configure, deploy, and support laboratory and quality applications across all company sites and entities
Ensure that all solutions delivered — whether by you or by internal/external
partners — meet ITS standards, regulatory requirements, and SLA expectations, without compromising system integrity
Collaborate closely with business and IT stakeholders to gather requirements, translate them into functional specifications, and implement effective solutions
Work with developers and technical teams to ensure systems meet business needs and resolve any issues that arise
Manage support requests and incidents within SLA
Monitor and efficiently manage the Service Now queue IT for all assigned cases
Qualify, resolve, or escalate incidents to the support partner
Provide technical and functional user support
Ensure user satisfaction
Maintain compliance by processing change control requests
Evaluate enhancement requests and prepare or approve specifications
Collaborate with functional and development teams to deliver solutions
Organize CAB and regular meetings with business and IT stakeholders
Manage application releases and ensure integration with other systems (e.g. SAP)
Serve as the main point of contact between business users and the support Partner and the Application supplier
Collaborate with the support Partner and application supplier to ensure effective technical and functional maintenance of the platform
Organize training sessions for key users
Keep documentation up to date (requirements, test plans, evaluations, risk assessments)
Analyze the use of the platform and identify opportunities for improvement
Provide leadership during the full lifecycle and ensure adoption and adequate uses of the solution.
Participate in projects introducing new features and technologies
Perform all activities in compliance with GxP regulations
Elvárások / Requirements
Experience in Computer Sciences, System Analysis, Engineering, Business school or similar areas.
Relevant degree.
At least 5 work experience in LIMS , lab software management in industrial plants.
LIMS technical and/or functional skills
CDS technical and functionnal skills
Knowledge on Business processes related to Quality control lab and manufacturing .
Fluency in English (both written and spoken). French is a plus.
Problem-solving skills and ability to manage multiple priorities. An excellent communication, presentation & interpersonal skills.
Ability to understand the business, customer oriented.
Amit nyújtunk / Benefits
Company bonus
Annual medical check at the Buda Health Center, for which we provide 1 paid day off
Sports facilities (sauna, fitness room)
Collective life and accident insurance
Voluntary pension fund membership (supplemented with employer contribution)
Free parking
Office massage