Our Client a multinational company group, their people have made them the global leader in access solutions. In return, we open doors for them wherever they go.
With nearly 60,000 colleagues in more than 70 different countries, we help billions of people experience a more open world.
Our innovations make all sorts of spaces – physical and virtual – safer, more secure, and easier to access.
Can you bring your sales expertise to our team? Join our team in Székesfehérvár, Hungary and enjoy a collaborative culture that empowers you to build a career you can be proud of.
PRODUCT MANAGER
Location: Székesfehérvár
Role Overview
He/She responsible for guiding a product through its entire lifecycle—from concept to launch and beyond.
Acting as the bridge between business objectives, customer needs, and technical capabilities, ensuring the product delivers value to both the company and its customers\users.
Core Responsibilities
-              Develop and implement product strategies consistent with company vision
-              Conduct thorough market research to understand trends and customer needs
-              Perform competitive analysis to identify gaps and opportunities in the marketplace
-              Collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop new products and improve existing ones
-              Lead product launches collaboratively with the marketing team
-              Collect and analyze feedback from customers, stakeholders and other teams to shape requirements and features
-              Develop product positioning strategies
-              Communicate the value of new products to the sales team and develop sales tools that facilitate the selling process
-              Plan and implement pricing strategy
-              Manage the entire product line life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities
-              Manage technical data for the product line (update the product database, validate technical product information present on communication tools: catalogs, POS advertising, website, etc.)
-              Work closely with R&D, sales, marketing, and other relevant teams to deliver products to market
-              Establish good relationships with suppliers and manage supply chain effectively
-              Identify potential risks and develop mitigation strategies
-              Drive innovation in the product pipeline
-              Regularly report on product performance and key initiatives to stakeholders
-              Create timelines, manage budgets, and ensure resources are allocated effectively.
Essential Skills
Technical Skills
:
Product development
Data analysis
Agile methodologies
A/B testing and conversion optimization
Business & Strategic Skills
:
Market research
Pricing and marketing strategies
Roadmapping
Soft Skills
:
Leadership and collaboration
Communication and storytelling
Problem-solving and decision-making
KNOWLEDGE SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
Has fluent English on level C1 and native Hungarian.
Has strong work ethic, is very professional, and extremely customer oriented with patience and kind temperament and has strong communication, networking and negotiation skills.
Has minimum 5 years of  experience, previous experience in safety technologie industry is a plus.
WHAT WE OFFER:
Competitive salary + other benefits
Extensive cafeteria system
International working environment
Good team spirit where personal development and growth are highly encouraged
Applicant interested in above position please send us your resume in English!
Kind Regards,
István
Istvan Vancsa
managing partner
A-Credit 2000 Management Consulting Ltd.
H-8000 Székesfehérvár Budai street 9-11.
Tel./Fax:
[Kattints a telefonszám megjelenítéséhez]
+36 22 390 136
Mobil:
[Kattints a telefonszám megjelenítéséhez]
+36 30 9638 202
Looking for the Best.....JOBMAX