CARL ZEISS VISION HUNGARY KFT
In order to strengthen our SCM Team in ZEISS Vision Care Business Group, we are seeking a
Project Manager Supply Planning - EMEA
for our
Mátészalka office
:
Job Description:
As a Project Manager for Supply Planning, you will play a pivotal role in transforming our supply chain operations by introducing a new ERP system. As part of the project, you will be responsible for creating a robust demand planning process that considers the interface processes with areas such as suppliers, distribution planning, demand planning, warehousing, finance and IT. Your expertise will ensure that all requirements are defined, development is meticulously planned, progress is tracked, solutions are implemented, and testing and documentation are completed efficiently. Additionally, you will train a team of supply planners to adapt to the new system and ensure that all existing processes are accurately represented with appropriate reporting and analysis capabilities. After the project phase is completed, as a key user you will drive the continuous improvement of the processes and the system, take over supply planning for specific suppliers and work on further projects in the EMEA Supply Chain Team.
Key Responsibilities
:
Lead the implementation of a new ERP system for the EMEA Supply Planning team
Coordinate supply planning process activities between IT, Warehouse, Finance, Supplier, Demand Planning, and Distribution Planning.
Define requirements and plan the development process.
Track project progress and ensure timely delivery of solutions.
Implement solutions, conduct testing, and document processes.
Train team members to effectively use the new system.
Ensure all existing processes are accurately represented in the new system.
Develop and maintain reporting and analysis tools.
Serve as the Key User for the new ERP system post-implementation.
Take on Supply Planning activities and responsibilities.
Participate in further planned system implementation and continuous improvement initiatives.
Coordinate efforts for ongoing system enhancements and optimizations.
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Supply Chain Management, Business Administration, or a related field.
Proven experience in project management, particularly in ERP system implementation.
Strong understanding of supply chain processes and planning.
Excellent coordination, communication and presentation skills.
Ability to define requirements and manage cross-functional teams.
Proficient in tracking project progress and implementing solutions.
Very good knowledge of spoken and written English
Very good knowledge of Microsoft Excel and Power Point
Experience in training teams and conducting system testing.
Strong analytical skills for reporting and process documentation.
Ability to adapt to new technologies and drive continuous improvement.
We offer:
Competitive salary system
Fringe benefits (Cafeteria)
Personal and professional development
Dynamic and youthful team in multinational environment
If you are interested in this position, please send us your application, indicating your salary request and the earliest possible entry date.
CARL ZEISS VISION HUNGARY KFT
Humánpolitikai Osztály
4700 Mátészalka, Ernst Abbe utca 1-2