Pozíció leírása / Job description
Our partners purpose is clear: Feeding the World Better. Their mission is to empower farmers and agribusiness managers to be more productive and more profitable. Achieving this mission requires dedication, collaboration, and a commitment to excellence — and that’s where their 3,600 team members come in.
Across more than 100 countries, they deliver solutions for the agribusiness.
Now, they are seeking a new member for the
Application Specialist - IFS ERP system
role.
Configure and customize
IFS modules to precisely meet defined business requirements and objectives.
Identify, analyze, and recommend
opportunities for process improvements and system enhancements to
optimize
overall business operations and efficiency.
Collaborate closely
with business stakeholders and users to effectively gather requirements and
translate
them into clear, actionable technical specifications.
Deliver comprehensive technical support
to system users, including the timely resolution of issues and responding accurately to system-related queries.
Troubleshoot
complex system problems, diagnose root causes, and
implement robust, sustainable solutions
to minimize downtime.
Support and execute
regular data audits and implement effective data quality control measures to ensure data integrity and reliability within the system.
Contribute to the development and delivery
of engaging training programs for IFS users, aimed at enhancing their understanding and maximizing system utilization.
Create and maintain
thorough and up-to-date documentation, including detailed process flows, technical procedures, and comprehensive user guides.
Elvárások / Requirements
Minimum of 5 years of experience working with IFS systems in Consulting or the industry
Strong knowledge of IFS modules such as Sales, Finance & Controlling, Purchasing.
E2E ERP system implementation experience.
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Ability to work independently and as part of a team.
Fluent English skills - both written and oral
Willingness to travel
Amit nyújtunk / Benefits
Hybrid soluiton (depending on distance can be full remote)
"Wellness" support
Internet support
International environment