Cég neve
MEEST INTERNATIONAL sp. z o.o.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
1011 Budapest, Fő utca 14.
Fizetés
Br.
1 800 - 2 400 Euro havi bér
Számolja ki a nettó fizetést bérkalkulátorunkkal!
Bérkalkulátor
Nézze meg a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét!
Ft/hó
Megnézem
Ön felfedte a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét
N.
e Ft/hó
Részletek
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
API
SERVICENOW
REST
JIRA
CONFLUENCE
Biztosított eszközök
Desktop PC
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Magyar anyanyelvi szint
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Általános
munkarend
API
SERVICENOW
REST
JIRA
CONFLUENCE
Desktop
PC
Angol
középfok és Magyar anyanyelvi szint
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Feladatok
• Handling HelpDesk tickets related to errors, incidents, and inquiries concerning system integrations.
• Analysing and diagnosing technical issues reported by end-users.
• Collaborating with development teams, business analysts, and external vendors to promptly resolve problems.
• Providing technical support during the implementation of new system and integration solutions.
• Supporting the integration of the Meest platform with external business clients and local integrators.
• Managing and maintaining the integration request queue, ensuring timely and effective resolution.
• Creating and updating technical documentation and user manuals.
• Proposing improvements in automation and optimisation of integration processes.
• Maintaining a high level of service quality and user satisfaction.
Elvárások
• University degree or currently enrolled (preferably in IT, technical or related fields).
• Experience in HelpDesk or IT technical support environments.
• Advanced knowledge of REST API and practical experience in working with API-based integrations.
• Ability to analyze logs and familiarity with monitoring and diagnostic tools.
• Strong communication skills, teamwork, and problem-solving abilities.
• Good command of English (spoken and written).
• Experience with tools such as Jira, Confluence, ServiceNow, or similar.
• Experience working in an international environment.
Előnyt jelent
• Experience working in an international environment.
• Good command of English (spoken and written).
Amit kínálunk
Employment contract.
Hybrid or remote work mode (depending on location).
Opportunities for professional development and participation in technical training.
Cooperation with a fast-growing international logistics company
Benefits package
IT students preferred.
Céginformáció
MEEST INTERNATIONAL is a team of professionals who create advanced cross-border solutions and delivery automation tools for foreign e-commerce platforms. Meest International works with partners and clients in more than 70 countries all over the world. We are proud of our long-term cooperation with such well-known brands as iHERB, ANSWEAR, NOTINO, and LPP, which owns the brands: RESERVED, HOUSE, SINSAY and many other well-known companies.
We are now consolidating our local presence in Hungary. Under the leadership of the Country Manager we are assembling a dynamic team that will anchor our next phase of growth in the region.
We are currently looking for an IT Support Engineer to provide technical support for IT systems integration and assist users with requests related to the day-to-day operation of these systems. This role combines technical expertise with communication and customer service skills for both internal and external clients. The agent supports implementation processes, ensures the continuity of IT services, and monitors the correct functioning of integrations between systems.
The agent will be specifically responsible for supporting the integration process between the Meest platform and the systems of business clients and local integrators. A critical aspect of the role includes the ongoing handling of the integration ticket queue and active resolution of issues. Advanced knowledge of REST API is essential for this position.
Jelentkezés módja
At Meest International, we are strengthening our presence in Hungary– and this is your opportunity to contribute to a project with real impact. If you're ready to take on a key role in shaping the future of cross-border deliveries, write to us. Let's talk about how we can grow together
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
üzemeltetés, Telekommunikáció
IT
support, Helpdesk
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése