Cég neve
N26 GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
ACCESS
SECURITY
AWS
LINUX
TESTING
PYTHON
AGILE
DATABASES
BASH
CHANGE MANAGEMENT.
PROJECT MANAGEMENT.
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
ACCESS
SECURITY
AWS
LINUX
TESTING
PYTHON
AGILE
DATABASES
BASH
CHANGE
MANAGEMENT.
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT.
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Develop and drive the implementation of Cloud Data Security strategy in alignment with the Product Manager, Tech Lead, and Engineering Manager.
Deploy, configure and manage DLP/DSPM solutions to gain visibility into data assets, identify security risks, and enforce consistent security policies across cloud environments.
Implement data classification schemes and ensure proper discovery and tagging of sensitive data within cloud environments.
Design, deploy and maintain state-of-the-art cloud-native security solutions, incorporating advanced threat detection, automated controls, alerting and remediation mechanisms to ensure continuous compliance and protection across our cloud infrastructure.
Perform regular and proactive research to detect new attack vectors.
Perform Threat Modeling Sessions for Cloud, AI and Infrastructure services, assess and classify identify security threats and define threats mitigation solutions in alignment with the stakeholders.
Monitor for vulnerabilities, perform ongoing risk assessment and collaborate with cross-functional teams to mitigate the risk.
Define the pentesting scope and scenarios.
Develop and maintain documentation providing clear guidelines to strengthen security posture and ensure consistent, secure cloud operations across the organization.
Provide a first class service to our main stakeholders in our support portal
Be part of our security incident response on-call rotation (voluntary) and lead security incidents
Requirements
What you will bring along
Knowledge & Engineering practices
Data Security: Deep understanding of cloud data security challenges and best practices across cloud cloud environments.
Cloud Security: Competent understanding and experience of securing at minimum AWS cloud infrastructure environments, CI/CD pipelines, containerized environment and Linux systems.
Risk Assessment: Experience with assessing security findings and mitigation strategies
Security Savvy: Competent knowledge of common security frameworks and tactics, including STRIDE, MITRE ATT&CK®, and OWASP.
Tool Mastery: Hands-on experience in deploying and managing cloud-native or third-party solutions to address threats and reduce risk (DLP/DSPM, CNAPP, vulnerability scanners, endpoint security, etc.)
Data Platforms: Familiarity with DWH, Databases, cloud storage systems, Data ETL systems
Automation Pro: Proficiency in using CI/CD pipelines (e.g., Terraform) for implementing automated security testing and change management.
Cloud Deployment: Hands-on experience with modern cloud technology components and deployment patterns: virtual machines, containers, Kubernetes, serverless, infrastructure as code, etc.
Scripting Skills: Proficiency in Python, Bash, or GO for scripting and automation.
GenAI and LLMs Security: Proven experience securing GenAI and LLM infrastructures, including their underlying data. (Nice to have)
Teamwork & Collaboration
Agile Mindset: Familiarity with agile methodologies and project management.
Collaborative Spirit: Demonstrated ability to collaborate across teams and segments to achieve complex objectives.
Hands-On: A hands-on attitude with a knack for driving solutions to completion.
Communicator: Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Growth-Driven: A growth mindset focused on learning and pushing the team forward.
Community Contributor: Contributions to the security community, such as open-source tools, research papers, conference talks, etc.
Educational Background: A Master's degree in cybersecurity or a related field or a Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field with an advanced security certification.
What we offer
If you're ready to embark on a thrilling journey in the world of IT security and make a meaningful impact, we want to hear from you! Join our team at N26 and help us protect what matters most.
Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe's most talked about disruptors .
Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness & wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.
As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.
Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.
A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.
Equal Opportunities:
We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.
We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination.
Company info
About the opportunity
Are you passionate about cybersecurity and eager to make a real impact in a dynamic environment? Look no further! We are on the lookout for a Senior Cloud Security Engineer with deep expertise in Data Loss Prevention and Data Security Posture Management within cloud environments, who is ready to take the lead in safeguarding our sensitive data. Join forces with our Platform and Data teams to ensure robust data protection, visibility, and control.
At N26, our Infrastructure Security team is on a mission to detect and remediate IT and cloud infrastructure security threats. We're dedicated to providing efficient and effective services that empower our N26 tech teams to thrive.
Who we are
N26 has reimagined banking for today's digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it's how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.
We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.
We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Security
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése