Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What you'll build
We are seeking a highly skilled and motivated professional (f/m/d) to join our Sales & Services team in the Premium Hub Center of Expertise (CoE) for Customer & Vendor Management. You will drive customer success and innovation of SAP's most strategic customers in the area of Customer Experience, Sales and Service. The dynamic nature of customer situations makes this role both challenging and rewarding. In this exciting position, your key responsibilities will include:
Support our customers across Europe in their journey towards Sales and Service Cloud by delivering remote and on-site services in collaboration with experts from our own and other CoEs. . We place a strong emphasis on design review activities, monitor, analyze, and optimize complex business processes, as well as error resolution in heterogeneous system landscapes.
You will take on functional leadership of delivery teams during service engagements and escalations.
Continuously expand your knowledge of SAP Sales and Service processes, including the integration of SAP Customer Experience solutions with SAP S/4HANA.
Mentor and train junior colleagues to foster team growth and knowledge sharing. This dynamic role offers a unique opportunity to tackle challenging customer situations while contributing to impactful projects. Regular travel of approximately 20% is expected.
Requirements
What you bring
We are looking for candidates with the following qualifications and experience:
Deep expertise in SAP CPQ, SAP Field Service Management, Solution Order Management in SAP S/4HANA or SAP Sales and Service Cloud solutions.
Strong understanding of business processes, integration, and implementation/coding within the mentioned SAP solutions.
Minimum of 5 years of hands-on experience in implementation, service and/or project delivery.
Proficiency in related programming languages such as Python, ABAP, or JavaScript.
Advanced skills in SAP system analysis and problem-solving for complex scenarios.
Excellent written and spoken English skills are essential; German language skills are a strong advantage.
A confident, approachable demeanor paired with exceptional communication skills.
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
We win with
SAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 438292 | Work Area: Consulting and Professional Services | Expected Travel: 0 - 10% | Career Status: Berufserfahren | Employment Type: Vollzeit, unbefristet | Additional Locations: #LI-
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
Where you belong
The Center of Expertise (CoE) is dedicated to supporting customers with Premium Engagement contracts (MaxAttention) through tailored service delivery. Our mission is to help customers maximize the potential of their SAP applications, efficiently realize transformation and innovation projects, and provide trusted support with specialist expertise. You will be part of a dynamic, highly motivated, international team that combines the energy of young professionals with the experience of seasoned experts.
Bring out your
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Business
Supporting Centres
IT
Support
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése