Cég neve
BestSecret Group
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Build Anaplan planning models, ensuring adherence to modeling standards and governance protocols
Collaborate with senior stakeholders, translating business challenges into technical concepts and planning logics
Plan multiple initiatives simultaneously, ensuring on-time, on-budget delivery with minimal disruption to operations
Promote and implement best practices to optimize Anaplan development and collaborate with other Anaplan developers throughout the company
Drive innovation and continuous improvement across financial systems, processes, and Anaplan adoption
Requirements
4+ years of hands-on experience with Anaplan or similar standard planning solutions, including model building, testing and user training
Ideally 2+ years of domain experience in Supply planning, with a focus on streamlining and optimizing planning workflows
Strong ability to translate business requirements into scalable planning models; certified Anaplan Model Builder is a plus
Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills, with the ability to bridge the gap between technical and business teams
Analytical thinker with a background in translating complex data into clear, actionable insights
Highly organized, detail-oriented, and effective in fast-paced, dynamic environments
Company info
BESTSECRET is the leading European online destination for premium and luxury off-price fashion. The Group offers its members in 27 countries across Europe a superior brand portfolio complemented by a high-end shopping experience. At the same time, BESTSECRET enables its brand partners to clear overstock at scale with minimum visibility and maximum brand equity protection. The unique business model is based on its closed character with an invitation-only customer membership, longstanding brand partner and customer relationships, combined with a tech-focused mindset. BESTSECRET has a strong track record of profitable growth over many years. It generated preliminary revenues of approx. EUR 1,415 million in 2024 and employs around 2,300 people from over 90 nations. The Group draws on a heritage of 100 years in the textile and fashion industry and today is owned by Permira Funds and the founding families Schustermann and Borenstein.
Senior Anaplan Model Builder (all genders)
Team
: Buying & Merchandising
Job Location
: Berlin, Aschheim bei München, Remote
Position Type
: Permanent, Full-time
Work Flexibility
: Hybrid
We are looking for an experienced Model Builder to drive the development of our Supply planning solutions. In this role you'll be responsible to translate business requirements into planning logics. You'll work closely with the merchandise planners and other planning functions across the company to improve efficiency and accuracy in the planning and forecasting space.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Transportation,
Procurement, Logistics
Supply
Chain
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése