Cég neve
Utimaco GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
HARDWARE
R
SECURITY
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
HARDWARE
R
SECURITY
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Manage the entire product lifecycle of our hardware platforms, PCIe HSMs, appliances, and other form factors, maximizing benefits for the company by collecting requirements, setting strategy, managing implementation, and related technical aspects.
Collect requirements from sales, customer interactions, professional services, production, and R&D to optimize the platform for various business applications, supporting the highest levels of security.
Work with your manager, senior executives, and major stakeholders to drive the technical strategy, product roadmap, and related messaging for the hardware platform, bridging the technical and business worlds to significantly accelerate our business.
Collaborate with partners and customers on a technical level to define and develop the next generation of security hardware, retrieving market feedback, conducting competitive analysis, and defining metrics for informed direction.
Drive hardware platform planning aligned with product goals and requirements, ensuring ownership of product positioning, considering operational and production requirements, and monitoring successful implementation.
Partner with senior leadership to identify new business opportunities.
Requirements
Technical and business experience in areas of Hardware Security Modules, embedded systems, cyber security.
Demonstrated ability to achieve strategic goals in a fast-paced environment, and to evolve product strategy based on customer feedback, research data, and cross-industry trends.
Ability to plan and manage a portfolio of related features, and to deliver initiatives from conception through completion.
Entrepreneurial mindset with sound business judgment, proven ability to influence others, and tenacity to develop ideas independently.
Ability to work effectively across departments, and to meet tight deadlines and prioritize workloads.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, customer understanding, cross-group experience, and enthusiasm, with a strong understanding of technical requirements.
Excellent English communication skills both written and verbal, further languages are a plus.
What we offer
An open and friendly corporate culture characterized by constructive and collaborative interaction
We provide you with support for your future plans with a company pension scheme (depending on country-specific circumstances)
Early risers and night owls - thanks to a flexible working model you can organise your working day yourself
We also support you privately 芒聙聯 benefit from special payments or additional vacation days on anniversaries or other special occasions
Utimaco is growing and living diversity! Our global team includes colleagues from 42 nationalities and 45 different languages spoken
Company info
Security is becoming increasingly important to industries. Utimaco products have been protecting people from organized crime and terror as well as sensitive data from theft and abuse for over 35 years. To this end, Utimaco has developed hardware security modules and compliance solutions for telecommunications providers in the field of regulation. Utimaco is the global market leader in both segments. Utimaco stands for recognized product quality, userbility, excellent support and a market-driven offer, manufactured in Germany.
The central goal of protecting people, data and ideas is the commitment of more than 200 people to Utimaco.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése