Cég neve
The Stepstone Group GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
AGILE
Elvárások
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
AGILE
Német
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
The job at a glance
This is a rare opportunity to shape the future of work on a global scale. You will set the direction for a major product area, leading initiatives that have the potential to redefine how millions of people find meaningful employment. Your work will directly influence the experiences of jobseekers and employers worldwide, creating real, measurable impact at scale.
As a Lead Product Manager, you will drive bold, visionary product strategies, inspire multiple cross-functional teams, and partner with senior stakeholders to align innovation with business outcomes. You'll champion the craft of product management, using data, experimentation, and user insights to challenge the status quo and deliver exceptional, user-centric experiences. You will also have the chance to leverage Stepstone's cutting-edge AI capabilities—fine-tuning models, deploying intelligent services, and pioneering agentic experiences at scale.
At Stepstone, this is more than a role—it's an opportunity to be part of an industry-changing journey, reimagining the labour market and shaping the future of work for everyone.
Your responsibilities:
Own and evolve the product vision and strategy for a defined product area, aligning it with company objectives and long-term market opportunities
Lead and coordinate multiple cross-functional product teams, ensuring focus on the highest-impact problems and outcomes
Drive strong product discovery, experimentation, and prioritisation practices, using data and customer insights to inform decisions
Partner closely with senior leaders across Product, Engineering, Design, Data, and the business to align strategy, delivery, and execution
Act as a product leader and role model, coaching and developing Product Managers and helping to raise the bar for product excellence across the organisation
Requirements
Your skills and qualifications
:
Extensive experience in Product Management, with ownership of complex products or product areas from strategy through to delivery at scale
Strong leadership and strategic thinking skills, with the ability to align teams and stakeholders around a shared product vision
Proven experience leading and influencing across multiple teams in cross-functional, agile environments
Deep understanding of data-informed product development, experimentation, and outcome-driven roadmapping
Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills, including experience working with senior leadership. Business fluent German language is essential.
What we offer
Your Benefits
We're a community here that cares as much about your life outside work as how you feel when you're with us. Because your job shouldn't take over your life, it should enrich it. Here are some of the benefits we offer:
30 days of holidays + 1 Cultural Heritage Day + 2 extra days for Christmas and New Year's Eve
Hybrid working model
Company pension scheme
Life Assurance Cover
Volunteering days
Job bike
Discounted parking or job ticket
Discounted Urban Sports Club membership
In-house gym
In-house barista
And you can bring your dog to the office!
Our commitment
Equal opportunities are important to us. We believe that diversity and inclusion at The Stepstone Group are critical to our success as a global company, so we want to recruit, develop, and keep the best talent. We encourage applications from everyone, regardless of background, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability status, ethnicity, belief, age, family or parental status, and any other characteristic.
Company info
At The Stepstone Group, we have a simple yet very important mission: The right job for everyone. Using our data, platform, and technology, we create opportunities for jobseekers and companies around the world to find a perfect match in fair and equitable way. With over 20 brands across 30+ countries, we strive for fair and unbiased hiring.
Join our team of 3,000+ employees and be part of reshaping the labour market and becoming the world's leading job platform.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése