Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Seeing beyond - future of medical technology
For more than 100 years, ZEISS medical technology has been driving progress in ophthalmology and microsurgery. In ophthalmology, our solutions help to maintain and improve people's vision at every stage of their lives. In microsurgery, our solutions enable targeted interventions on diseased tissue so that small and sensitive organs continue to function optimally.
Medical technology from ZEISS supports medical professionals in improving the lives of patients worldwide. The fact that our actions have a direct impact on people's well-being is what drives us every day.
As
Validation Manager Focus SAP Implementation (m/f/x)​
you are responsible for establishing, maintaining, and continuously developing an effective Quality Management System in compliance with applicable medical device regulations. The focus of the role is the coverage of Computerised System Validation (CSV) and the correct consideration of regulatrory requirements within the implementation phase of ZEISS FIT4 SAP S/4Hana Project.
Your Role
You develop, maintain, and continuously improve the Quality Management System in accordance with ISO 13485, MDR, and other applicable regulatory requirements
You ensure the compliant implementation and application of MED QMS requirements within SAP-supported processes in cooperation with partner teams
You plan, drive, and document risk management activities across processes and projects
You develop, implement, monitor, and document validation strategies for Computerised System, ensuring compliance with regulatory requierments
You act as a subject matter expert and trusted advisor for quality and regulatory topics within cross-functional teams
You act as interface for in and -external Partners and support all activities regarding CSV
Requirements
You have a completed university degree (Master's level) in natural sciences, engineering, business administration, or a comparable qualification
You bring extensive years of professional experience in Quality Management within the medical device, pharmaceutical, or similarly regulated industry
You possess solid knowledge of quality management standards and regulatory frameworks, in particular ISO 13485, MDR, and 21 CFR Part 11 or comparable requirements
You have proven experience with Computerised System Validation (CSV)
You are familiar with quality methods and tools such as FMEA, CAPA, 5-Why, and risk management
You have valid experience with SAP and BPMN 2.0 is a plus
You demonstrate a structured and analytical approach and are able to interpret complex technical and business information
You work independently and in a solution-oriented manner with strong communication and organizational skills
You are fluent in English; German language skills are an advantage
Company info
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Healthcare,
Pharmaceutical Industry
Quality
Assurance
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése