Cég neve
Accenture Korlátolt Felelősségű Társaság
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ARCGIS
AGILE
SCRUM
JIRA
CONFLUENCE
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
Nem kell tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ARCGIS
AGILE
SCRUM
JIRA
CONFLUENCE
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
Nem
kell tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Take infrastructure projects to a whole new level
Maintain an overview in agile projects by reliably validating requirements and implementing them conscientiously
Take the lead in small development or Scrum teams depending on experience and knowledge
Spot opportunities for optimization and identify them with confidence
Support in setting up internal demo systems
Requirements
Studies in geoinformatics or relevant professional experience in the IT field
Extensive experience working with ESRI ArcGIS, ideally also with other GIS systems
Confident use of ArcGIS Enterprise, ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS Online
Experience with interoperability and system integration with non-geospatial systems
Fluent German and very good English skills
Customer- and service-oriented personality who consistently works toward optimal results
Experience working in an Agile environment (Jira, Confluence)
Willingness to travel
What we offer
Cafeteria - Budget for benefits based on your choice
Refer-a-Friend - get a bonus in the employee referral program
Flexible working arrangements (Flex-work, Telework)
Wide range of leading-edge training (including language courses)
AYCM sports pass card
Family oriented benefits
Competitive compensation package, paid overtime, and insurance
Company shares on discount price
Employee assistance program (counseling by mental health therapist, legal or financial advice)
Company info
We work with one shared purpose: to deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity. Every day, more than 775,000 of us help our stakeholders continuously reinvent. Together, we drive positive change and deliver value to our clients, partners, shareholders, communities, and each other. We believe that delivering value requires innovation, and innovation thrives in an inclusive and diverse environment. We actively foster a workplace free from bias, where everyone feels a sense of belonging and is respected and empowered to do their best work. At Accenture, we see well-being holistically, supporting our people’s physical, mental, and financial health. We also provide opportunities to keep skills relevant through certifications, learning, and diverse work experiences. We’re proud to be consistently recognized as one of the World’s Best Workplaces™. Join Accenture to work at the heart of change.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése