Cég neve
Coca-Cola HBC Magyarország Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Dunaharaszti
Nézze meg a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét!
Ft/hó
Megnézem
Ön felfedte a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét
N.
e Ft/hó
Részletek
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Cafeteria
Szakmai tréningek
Egészségbiztosítás
Élet- és balesetbiztosítás
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
Nem kell tapasztalat
Főiskola

Cafeteria
Szakmai
tréningek
Egészségbiztosítás
Élet-
és balesetbiztosítás
Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Angol
felsőfok
Nem
kell tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
COMPANY INFO
Are you ready to kickstart your leadership journey in the field of engineering?
Join the Early Talent Program of Coca-Cola HBC and take the fast track to become one of our future leaders in Production!
This is not an internship, it’s a full-time leadership development program for ambitious young professionals who want to grow into engineering leadership roles in the food & beverage industry. Over an intensive 12-month period, you will dive deep into our manufacturing processes, lead technical projects, and develop the skills needed to manage high-capacity, automated production lines.
What does our Engineering team do?
At Coca-Cola HBC, our Production teams are the engine of our business. We operate modern, highly automated production lines with a capacity of approximately 40,000 bottles per hour. From bottle blowing to water and syrup production, we ensure efficiency, quality, and continuous technological innovation. Our focus is on technical excellence, cost optimization, and ensuring the future of our manufacturing capabilities.
TASKS
What the program offers
A comprehensive understanding of our production areas, including aseptic production, bottle blowing, and water/syrup manufacturingaseptic and soft sparkling drink production lines, maintenance, utility, quality and continuous improvement.
Hands-on technical experience through active involvement in the introduction of new production lines, annual developments, and new investments.
Real Responsibility while leading "mini-projects," improving existing programs, and taking ownership of production cost optimization.
Mentoring & Coaching when working closely with your designated mentor and receiving continuous support from our Talent Developer to accelerate your growth.
Preparation for a future leadership role by presenting periodic updates to senior management and building a strong professional network.
Program journey
Onboarding & Integration (1–3 months): Understanding the organizational structure and deep professional integration within the plant.
Functional Deep-dive (4–9 months): Intensive training in primary focus areas like Bottle Blowing or Syrup Production.
Project Leadership (10–11 months): Leading technical improvements or supporting new capital expenditure (CAPEX) projects.
Future Leadership Path (12+ months): Transitioning toward a leadership role in Aseptic (ASE) or other production areas.
REQUIREMENTS
Degree in Mechanical Engineering is a must. An MSc in Engineering Management or Food Engineering is a strong advantage.
Strong technical mindset with a proactive, "can-do" attitude.
Confident and assertive personality who is not afraid to take initiative.
Fluency in Hungarian and confident English communication skills.
While no food industry experience is required, international experience (e.g., Erasmus) is a plus.
WHAT WE OFFER
Cafeteria
Life and accident insurance
Medical insurance (Medicover)
Employee Share Purchase Plan
Internal training, coaching & mentoring program
Employee Assistance Program (life, legal and psychological counseling)
Discounted meals at the on-site cafeteria
Unlimited product consumption at the site
Family days
Company shuttle bus stops
Pest
: Örs vezér tér, Határ út, Szent László tér, Éles sarok, Pesterzsébet, Soroksár,
Buda
: Széll Kálmán tér, Gellért tér, Mol Székház, Savoya park, Campona
WORK EXTRAS
Céges busz
HOW TO APPLY
Do you have the ambition to lead? Then grab the opportunity, apply with your English CV and shape your career with Coca-Cola HBC!
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
programozás, Fejlesztés
Programozó,
Fejlesztő
Pest
megye
Dunaharaszti
Álláshirdetés jelentése