Cég neve
Belden Deutschland GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY.
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY.
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Active role in our Emerging Technologies team –
contribute to technology identification, customer interest validation, and PoC development for innovation projects.
Rotations across different Belden brands, locations, and technologies
– gain exposure to various business units and countries within EMEA.
Collaboration with other Launch Program participants
through interactive, hands-on learning experiences.
Deepen your understanding
of our systems, develop your business acumen, and build your functional, commercial, and leadership skills.
Individual coaching & mentoring
from an experienced Belden leader throughout the program.
Requirements
Passion & enthusiasm:
You are eager to take on challenges and learn quickly.
Education:
Master's in Computer Science, Electrical/Electronic Engineering, or a related discipline.
Leadership potential:
Aiming to grow into a management career.
Professional experience:
At least two relevant internships or a maximum of two years of work experience
Languages:
Fluent in English; German is beneficial
Flexibility & mobility:
Willing to relocate for at least one rotation and travel across Europe.
What we offer
Let's Write the Next 100 Years Together.
Join a global community striving to improve connectivity and security. The work we're doing puts our people on the front lines of impacting lives and shaping the future. Propel your story of innovation by helping Belden write the next chapter in ours. Shape your future at Belden.
Company info
Belong. Believe. Be You. Belden.
Propel your career surrounded by a diverse team of innovative, goal-oriented individuals who are pursuing the next generation of connectivity solutions. At Belden, you'll participate in work that will challenge you and position you to excel. You'll collaborate with colleagues from around the world, gaining exposure to a broad base of expertise and perspectives.
Together, we'll continue on a journey of innovation, creating a connected world and paving the way for automation. Join us and let's build the future.
Your first step toward a career in Innovation at Belden!
Begin your journey as a
Specialist, Innovation & Emerging Tech (m/f/d)
in
Neckartenzlingen, Germany
and grow within our
Launch Program
. This unique program offers structured development, cross-functional exposure, and the chance to complete at least one
regional rotation
in another Belden EMEA location during your second or third year.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Project
Management
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése