Cég neve
thyssenkrupp Components Technology Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
JAVA
ANALYTICS
TESTING
VUE.
REACT
DEVOPS
CLOUD
AGILE
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
JAVA
ANALYTICS
TESTING
VUE.
REACT
DEVOPS
CLOUD
AGILE
Angol
felsőfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Main tasks, responsibilities:
Thyssenkrupp is an international industrial and technology company employing around 100,000 people. Across 48 countries it generated sales of €38 billion in fiscal 2022/2023. Backed by extensive technological know-how, the businesses develop cost-effective and resource-friendly solutions to the challenges of the future, mainly in the fields of climate protection, the energy transition, digital transformation in the industry and mobility of the future. Under the thyssenkrupp umbrella brand the company creates long-term value with innovative products, technologies and services and contributes to a better life for future generations.
In the Hungarian development center with our engineering team of 1000 we are present as an innovative and significant partner in one of the fastest growing and most exciting segment of the automotive industry, in the field of electromechanical steering systems. With outstanding quality and high-tech developments we meet the needs of renowned car manufacturers and our developments can be found in 25 % of the manufactured cars all over the world. Our engineers work on new challenges that can change the future of automotive.
Build and enhance web-based software solutions, implementing modern technologies and shaping the enterprise standards of the future together with the team
As part of an Agile team, you'll work closely with product owners and other developers to build next-generation classic and/or AI-based apps (e.g. in Analytics, Process Automation)
Contribute across the full software development lifecycle, including software design, implementation, testing, design reviews, and code reviews
Participate in our Chapters where we improve our processes and tech-stacks department wise, make technical decisions together with others, and actively help with their implementation
Requirements:
5+ years of Java development experience, with hands-on experience in Vue.js or React, and an end-to-end delivery mindset
University degree in Computer Science or a related field is preferred
Ability to clearly explain complex solutions and best practices to colleagues
Ability to analyze and improve your own code, with strong problem-solving skills and a structured, solution-oriented approach
DevOps mindset, with openness to working with GitLab and contributing to CI/CD pipelines (supported by a dedicated Cloud Center owning the infrastructure)
Enjoyment of Agile ways of working and strong collaboration skills within and across teams
Good command of English
Join us and steer your future on new tracks!
Please click the Apply button to send your application.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése