Cég neve
Agile Robots SE
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
TESTING
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
SAP
CHANGE MANAGEMENT
PMP
Elvárások
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
TESTING
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
SAP
CHANGE
MANAGEMENT
PMP
Német
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
The SAP Project Manager leads the end-to-end planning, execution, and delivery of SAP implementation or enhancement projects. This role ensures that SAP solutions are delivered on time, within scope, and aligned with business objectives. The position requires strong leadership, stakeholder management, and a deep understanding of SAP systems and business processes.
Your Responsibilities
Lead the end-to-end implementation of SAP S/4HANA globally
Manage project plans, scope, budgets, timelines, and resource allocations.
Drive delivery of project milestones and ensure successful go-live and stabilization phases
Act as the primary liaison between IT, business leaders, and external implementation partners to finish project
Oversee solution, blueprinting, configuration, testing, and data migration activities.
Ensure the solution aligns with SAP Best Practices and supports business process optimization.
Collaborate with functional leads (FI/CO, MM, SD, PP, EWM, HR, etc.) to ensure seamless process integration.
Manage integration with non-SAP systems and third-party applications.
Drive change management and ensure end-user readiness and adoption.
Lead team in house
Requirements
Bachelor's or master's degree in information technology, business, or a related field
8–12+ years of overall IT project management experience, with at least 7+ years in SAP implementation or upgrade projects
Proven track record managing full lifecycle SAP projects (ECC, S/4HANA, or related modules)
Experience working with cross-functional global teams and external vendors
Excellent leadership, communication, and stakeholder management skills
PMP, PRINCE2, or equivalent project management certification preferred
SAP Project Management certification (e.g., SAP Activate) is a strong plus
Fluent in German and English
What we offer
A dynamic high-tech company combined with financial soundness and world-class investors.
Join an interdisciplinary, international team with 60+ different nationalities in a collaborative work environment.
Lots of development opportunities in the context of our continued growth.
Challenging tasks and impactful projects alongside experts that enable professional and personal growth.
Corporate Benefits Program that covers health, mobility, and learning with 100€ net per month.
Modern office facilities with a rooftop terrace overlooking Munich, free drinks & fruits, and regular company events contribute to a good working environment
Company info
Agile Robots SE
is an international high-tech company based in Munich, Germany with a production site in Kaufbeuren and more than 2300 employees worldwide. Our mission is to bridge the gap between artificial intelligence and robotics by developing systems that combine state-of-the-art force-moment-sensing and world-leading image-processing technology. This unique combination of technologies allows us to provide user-friendly and affordable robotic solutions that enable intelligent precision assembly.
This is made possible by our employees, who bring out the best in each and every day with creativity and enthusiasm. Become part of this team and shape the future of robotics with us!
We are proud of our diversity and welcome your application regardless of gender and sexual identity, nationality, ethnicity, religion, age, or disability.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése