Cég neve
BP BSC
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Fizetés
Bónusz
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Cafeteria
Élet- és balesetbiztosítás
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Rugalmas munkaidő
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Cafeteria
Élet-
és balesetbiztosítás
Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Rugalmas
munkaidő
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
About us
Bei bp haben wir nur eins im Kopf: die Energie von morgen. Wir wollen Energie neu denken, damit wir bis spätestens 2050 NetZero erreichen. Wir setzen dabei auf die Kompetenz und Leidenschaft unserer rund 66.000 Mitarbeiter:innen weltweit, davon ca. 4.000 in Deutschland. Sie sichern jeden Tag mit den Produkten und Dienstleistungen unserer Marken bp, Aral und Castrol die Energie und Mobilität für Millionen Menschen – heute und in Zukunft.
In this role You will:
Analyze data from multiple sources, identify trends, anomalies, and opportunities, and synthesize findings into concise, business-relevant conclusions and recommendations.
Monitor and report costs and facilitate cost meetings
Design, develop, and maintain advanced (Power BI and other form of) reports and dashboards tailored to business needs (e.g., sales, category performance, waste, labor, profitability, and partnership KPIs).
Gather requirements from partners, translate them into effective report specifications, and ensure outputs are user-friendly and actionable.
Liaise with IT and finance teams to resolve data issues and ensure timely, accurate data refreshes.
Work closely with various other departments like pricing, support, category management, offer and format.
Document reporting processes, maintain a repository of report definitions, user guides, and procedures.
Manage all administrative processes related to the partnership, including documentation, meeting scheduling, and record-keeping.
Serve as the primary point of contact for routine communications with partner and internal interested parties, ensuring timely and professional responses.
Contribute to preparation of governance meetings and other partnership-related forums.
Maintain up-to-date records of partnership agreements, compliance documentation, and key correspondence.
What You will need to be successful:
Degree level education preferred, or equivalent administrative/data analytics qualifications/experience.
Previous experience in an administrative, reporting, or data analytics role, ideally within FMCG, retail, or partnership environments.
Fluency in English and German
Fundamentals of category management
Proven experience in developing, managing, and interpreting Power BI reports and dashboards.
Demonstrated ability to analyze data, extract insights, and communicate actionable conclusions to non-technical partners.
Experience coordinating meetings, preparing documentation, and managing communications with internal and external partners.
Advanced Power BI skills (report creation, data modelling, DAX, dashboard design, usage monitoring.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook).
Very good understanding of strategic connections.
Assertiveness and persuasiveness.
Strong communication skills.
At bp, we provide the following environment & benefits to you:
Different bonus opportunities based on performance, wide range of cafeteria elements
Life & health insurance, medical care package
Flexible working schedule: home office up to 2 days / week, based on team agreement
Opportunity to build up long term career path and develop your skills with wide range of learning options
Family friendly workplace e.g.: Extended parental leave, Mother-baby room
Employees’ wellbeing programs e.g.: Employee Assistance Program, Company Recognition Program
Possibility to join our social communities and networks
Chill-out and collaboration spaces in our beautiful Budapest Agora and Szeged offices e.g.: Play Zones, Office massage, Sport and music equipment
Work extras
Masszázs
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
programozás, Fejlesztés
IT
tanácsadó, Elemző, Auditor
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése