Cég neve
BlackRock Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PYTHON
SQL
ACCESS
VBA
EXCEL
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
PYTHON
SQL
ACCESS
VBA
EXCEL
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Build and maintain advanced VBA solutions, including Excel add-ins used by external clients.
Develop and support Python-based automations for reporting, data processing, and email drafting.
Design and manage Power Automate workflows; explore opportunities to leverage Copilot/AI agents.
Utilize SQL/Alteryx for recurring data extracts and process automation.
Analyse end-to-end business processes to identify automation opportunities.
Oversee all automation projects, ensuring timely delivery, documentation, and centralization.
Prioritize and structure initiatives to align with business needs and resource capacity.
Ensure knowledge transfer and continuity through clear, accessible documentation.
Act as a key point of contact between business teams and technical solutions.
Prepare and deliver presentations for client meetings (including banks across the EU).
Build strong client relationships by understanding business needs and presenting solutions in a clear, professional manner.
Support internal teams by translating technical concepts into actionable business outcomes.
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Economics, IT or an equivalent combination of education, with at least 2 years’ professional work in a multinational environment.
Excellent written and oral communication skills in English.
Advanced proficiency in VBA (Excel add-ins, complex coding, arrays, optimization).
Intermediate to advanced Python skills (automation, reporting, email generation).
Experience with Power Platform (Power Automate essential, Power Apps a plus).
Knowledge of Alteryx or similar workflow tools and SQL is an advantage.
Interest and willingness to learn emerging automation tools and Copilot agents.
Strong process analysis and problem-solving abilities.
Proven experience managing multiple projects end-to-end, with strong prioritization skills.
Excellent client relationship management skills, including preparing and delivering presentations.
Structured, proactive, and able to work independently while aligning with team objectives.
Exceptional attention to detail and analytical skills, with ability to prioritize and deliver tasks on time while maintaining high quality and consistent results.
Strong planning and organizational skills, with the ability to manage and prioritize to meet deadlines.
What we offer
Retirement investment and tools designed to help you in building a sound financial future.
Access to education reimbursement.
Comprehensive resources to support your physical health and emotional well-being.
Family support programs.
Flexible Time Off (FTO) so you can relax, recharge and be there for the people you care about.
Hybrid work model requiring at least 4 days in the office per week with flexibility to work from home 1 day a week.
Company info
At BlackRock, we are all connected by one mission: to help more and more people experience financial well-being. Our clients, and the people they serve, are saving for retirement, paying for their children’s educations, buying homes and starting businesses. Their investments also help to strengthen the global economy: support businesses small and large; finance infrastructure projects that connect and power cities; and facilitate innovations that drive progress.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése