Cég neve
BlackRock Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ANALYTICS
PYTHON
SQL
ACCESS
DYNAMICS
CRM
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ANALYTICS
PYTHON
SQL
ACCESS
DYNAMICS
CRM
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Own and maintain high-quality master data on client contacts and organisations to support EMEA Wealth lead generation.
Perform web scraping and external data collection to identify potential prospects and enrich existing datasets.
Update and maintain contact and organisation records within Microsoft Dynamics, ensuring accuracy and consistency.
Upload and manage leads in Dynamics in line with defined processes and data standards.
Track the status and progression of all leads through the sales pipeline and maintain clear records of outcomes.
Provide regular updates and reporting to local stakeholders and senior management on lead volumes, progress, and insights.
Collaborate with colleagues across the EMEA Analytics & Automation team to enhance data quality, automation, and AI-enabled insights.
Ensure adherence to data governance, privacy, and quality standards at all times.
Requirements
Strong data-driven mindset with the ability to understand, review, and validate data for accuracy and relevance.
High attention to detail and a structured, methodical approach to data quality and maintenance.
Interest in using data to generate insights and support automation and AI-enabled analytics.
Basic SQL skills, with the ability to query and review datasets.
Basic Python skills are a plus, particularly for data extraction, web scraping, or automation.
Strong organisational and time-management skills.
Clear written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, multinational environment.
Fluency in English.
Minimum 1+ year of relevant professional experience in a data, analytics, operations, or commercial support role.
University degree in a relevant field.
Experience within financial services, wealth management, or an investment-related environment is strongly preferred.
Prior experience working with CRM systems (Microsoft Dynamics preferred) is an advantage.
Experience handling large datasets or structured data processes is beneficial.
What we offer
Retirement investment and tools designed to help you in building a sound financial future.
Access to education reimbursement.
Comprehensive resources to support your physical health and emotional well-being.
Family support programs.
Flexible Time Off (FTO) so you can relax, recharge and be there for the people you care about.
Hybrid work model requiring at least 4 days in the office per week with 1 day remote work flexibility.
Company info
At BlackRock, we are all connected by one mission: to help more and more people experience financial well-being. Our clients, and the people they serve, are saving for retirement, paying for their children’s educations, buying homes and starting businesses. Their investments also help to strengthen the global economy: support businesses small and large; finance infrastructure projects that connect and power cities; and facilitate innovations that drive progress.
This mission would not be possible without our smartest investment – the one we make in our employees. It’s why we’re dedicated to creating an environment where our colleagues feel welcomed, valued and supported with networks, benefits and development opportunities to help them thrive.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése