Cég neve
Louis Dreyfus Company Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Louis Dreyfus Company Hungary Kft. - Budapest, Váci út 23-27-B/5 H2Offices, 1134
Nézze meg a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét!
Ft/hó
Megnézem
Ön felfedte a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét
N.
e Ft/hó
Részletek
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
>10 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Általános
munkarend
Angol
felsőfok
>10
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Category Management:
Deliver specific category goals within a sourcing plan in line with the organization's Procurement and Digital Technology & Analytic strategies
Strategy:
Define, align & execute sourcing strategies with internal and external stakeholders for given IT products, services, data, hardware, network, telco for local and global requirements
Sourcing:
Lead sourcing activities such as RFI, RFP, Make or Buy discussion to evaluate, compare, select, negotiate and contract best sourcing option for the company. Present and recommend sourcing options and supplier engagement up to senior management to validate approvals aligned with internal processes before supplier sign off
Value:
Deliver value through effective negotiation strategy that reduces all identified costs and risks while improving supplier/business partner performance and encourages innovation within the delivery. Drive cost-saving initiatives while maintaining high standards of quality & service.
SRM:
Develop and monitor Supplier Relation Management by defining supplier strategy and level and identifying + executing the right supplier governance that will drive benefits along the relationship, while in parallel keep constant knowledge on market trends, supplier capabilities & changes within a dynamic market.
Collaboration and BRM:
Develop and maintain a curiosity for cross-regions & related processes to look for continuous improvement and streamlining processes. Closely work with internal stakeholders such as Legal, DT&A, Accounting, Finance and Procurement to mitigate risks and open best business terms and conditions
Tools:
Use SAP (S4, Ariba,) for procurement processes including Sourcing, contracting (M-Files, Docusign) and supplier management
Reporting:
Monitor and report sourcing performance via sourcing plan, savings rules and communication on best practices
Requirements
Experience:
~10 years in procurement in an international environment
, with at least
5 years on strategic IT category
(including IT Software and Services commodity), ideally across all the three procurement pillars (Source, Buy, Data), ideally within both low and high maturity procurement organization
Knowledge:
Mastering of the
Source To Contract + Purchase to Pay processes
Strong knowledge of Supplier Relation Management & Negotiation strategy with IT big vendors and big consulting firms (such as Microsoft, SAP, Capgemini, Accenture, EY, Deloitte, Lenovo, Insight…)
Good Knowledge & experience with Software As a Service (Saas) and AI market practice.
Education:
Business Administration, ideally with a major in procurement or supply chain management
Languages:
English as a must have
French, German, Portuguese or Spanish will be considered as a plus
Systems:
Experience with a
P2P system
Experience with an ERP, ideally SAP (ECC or S/4Hana)
Experience with an eProcurement solution (ideally SAP Ariba) and Contract Management tool
Technical/ Functional skills:
Knowledge of purchasing processes and workflows
Proficiency in SAP and Ariba.
Strong understanding of procurement processes and best practices.
Experience working with production, quality, and supply chain departments.
Excellent negotiation, communication, and interpersonal skills.
Ability to work independently and as part of a team in a fast-paced environment.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Strategic and critical thinking skills
Results driven
Resiliency to work under pressure with time constraints
Ability to work with remote supervision
Software knowledge: Microsoft Office suite (advanced skill set).
Excellent organization and follow-through skills
Multicultural and global interacting experience is preferred.
What we offer
Competitive compensation and benefits package
Independence and professional growth opportunities
Modern work environment and a supportive team
Company info
Louis Dreyfus Company is a leading merchant and processor of agricultural goods. Our activities span the entire value chain from farm to fork, across a broad range of business lines, we leverage our global reach and extensive asset network to serve our customers and consumers around the world. Structured as a matrix organization of six geographical regions and ten platforms, Louis Dreyfus Company is active in over 100 countries and employs approximately 18,000 people globally.
How to apply
After clicking on the 'Apply' button don't forget to attach your
cv in english!
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Transportation,
Procurement, Logistics
Economization,
Procurement
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése