Cég neve
Munich Re Service GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As
Senior Product Manager for Adaptation & Resilience
, you will:
Own the product vision and strategy for adaptation and resilience solutions within our climate risk portfolio.
Lead end-to-end product development, from concept to launch, ensuring alignment with client needs, regulatory frameworks, and market trends.
Manage a dedicated team supporting the development and expansion of adaptation and resilience solutions.
Drive research and integration of adaptation measures (e.g., CAPEX, ROI, risk mitigation impact) across geographies and hazards into our SaaS platform.
Collaborate cross-functionally with modelling, technology, advisory, marketing and sales teams to deliver high-quality, scalable solutions.
Engage with clients and stakeholders to gather feedback, validate concepts, and ensure product-market fit.
Monitor performance and impact, using data-driven insights to refine outcomes.
Represent the product internally and externally, positioning Munich Re as a leader in climate resilience solutions.
Requirements
Proven experience (5+ years) in designing or evaluating resilience and adaptation measures, ideally in a civil engineering, product management, climate risk or sustainability function.
Academic degree in civil engineering or related field (e.g. environmental engineering, infrastructure planning).
Strong understanding of physical risks (e.g. flood, heat, wind, earthquake) and of site-level or municipal adaptation strategies and resilience planning for infrastructure and assets across different geographies and hazard types.
Analytical mindset with ability to quantify the economic and risk mitigation benefits of resilience measures.
Familiarity with geospatial data and climate risk modelling and data-driven product development. Hands-on experience with data management and processing; Python knowledge is a plus.
Excellent stakeholder management and communication skills, with the ability to translate complex concepts into actionable solutions.
Innovative thinker with a passion for building digital products that create real-world impact.
Company info
Munich Re Service GmbH - Senior Product Manager Adaptation & Resilience (m/f/d)*
Location
Munich, Germany
Job type
Full-Time
Work mode
Hybrid
Job level
Professional
Job ID
11828
Company
Munich Re
Employment type
Regular
Area of expertise
Operations & Product Management
About Us
Passion is at the heart of everything we do – whether it's our dedication to family, friends, the arts, sports, or, most importantly, our profession. At Munich Re Risk Management Partners (RMP), the climate change and risk management solutions unit of the world's leading reinsurer, our passion drives us to redefine climate risk solutions on a global scale. Our modular climate risk offering is built to meet the complex needs of insurers, banks, asset managers, corporates, and real estate investors. Through our SaaS platform, Location Risk Intelligence, we deliver an advanced geospatial solution that empowers clients with location-specific climate risk data worldwide, enabling them to make informed decisions in their underwriting, investments, and climate risk reporting.
As climate risks intensify, adaptation and resilience are critical for businesses and communities. We are seeking a Senior Product Manager to lead the development and growth of innovative adaptation and resilience solutions that help clients mitigate climate impacts and safeguard long-term value. This role is a unique opportunity to gain hands-on experience within the dynamic, international team of Munich Re Service GmbH. If you're passionate about climate risk and resilience and eager to make an impact, we'd love to hear from you!
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Engineer
Environmental
Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése