Cég neve
Schleich GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
ANALYTICS
SQL
AZURE
ACCESS
BI
POWER BI
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
ANALYTICS
SQL
AZURE
ACCESS
BI
POWER
BI
Angol
felsőfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Operate, optimise, and further develop our Microsoft Fabric ecosystem (Lakehouse, Warehouse, Pipelines, Semantic Models).
Design, build, and maintain Power BI reports and dashboards based on clearly defined business requirements.
Support and enhance our existing SQL Server and SSAS (Tabular/Multidimensional cubes) landscapes when needed.
Work closely with business partners to understand reporting demands and translate them into reliable, scalable BI solutions.
Ensure data quality, performance, governance, and documentation across our analytics platform.
Requirements
Professional Experience
Several years of hands-on experience in Business Intelligence, Analytics Engineering, or Data Engineering.
Relevant experience in an FMCG environment would be a plus
Technical Expertise
Power BI (data modelling, DAX, report creation and optimisation)
Azure Data Factory / Microsoft Fabric Data Pipelines
SSAS (Tabular and/or Multidimensional)
Data & Cloud Skills
Experience with Microsoft Fabric or related Azure data services, including Lakehouse concepts.
Solid understanding of dimensional modelling and performance optimisation.
Experience in hybrid or migration scenarios (on‑premises → cloud) is a strong plus.
Mindset & Language Skills
Analytical mindset with a passion for turning data into meaningful business insights.
Fluent English; good German skills are a plus.
Nice to have
Microsoft PL‑300 — Power BI Data Analyst
Microsoft DP‑500 — Azure Enterprise Data Analyst
Additional Microsoft Fabric or Data Engineering certifications
What we offer
Work in a dynamic, diverse environment that offers individual career and development opportunities. All our employees also have access to numerous online courses via our training platform
Let's write the Schleich story together. Be part of a motivated team of people who support and inspire each other and celebrate success together
We aim to please. We offer an attractive, fair salary with additional benefits that are regularly reviewed and updated
Enjoy the benefits of a hybrid working model: 3 days in the office, 2 days remote
Appetising. You will receive a food allowance of up to €75.00 net per month
Every hero must retire one day. That's why we offer a company pension scheme
You can also enjoy great discounts on our schleich® products – a great bonus for kids and adults alike
Save even more with corporate benefits and discover a world of exclusive discounts for various brands and activities
Speaking of savings, we'll also subsidise your bicycle lease to make it easier for you to travel to our beautiful office in Munich
And what about your adventures outside of Schleich? You can count on 30 days of paid leave per year and a hybrid working model with no core working hours
Company info
Want your story to be part of our story?
When children take charming schleich® figures and playsets into their hands, they embark on adventures into wonderful fantasy worlds. Every dinosaur, every elephant, and every fairy is the beginning of an exciting new story. Our vision: Shaping storytellers for life. And your story starts right here.
Let's be inspired together by the joy of storytelling, while also continuing to tell the story of Schleich – and its journey from traditional toy manufacturer to a globally loved brand. Be part of our amazing transformation story.
We will support you, give you ownership, and the opportunity to work internationally and digitally in a dynamic environment. Let's take on and master all the challenges that lie in store for us. Take the opportunity to grow with us and achieve something tangible.
Working at Schleich. Make your mark.
BI & Analytics Engineer
Please note that this position is based in
Munich
and follows our hybrid working model. Relocation support is not offered.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése