Cég neve
Amazon Workforce Staffing
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
AWS
JAVA
PYTHON
RUBY
HARDWARE
LINUX
SECURITY
ANSIBLE
CLOUD.
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
AWS
JAVA
PYTHON
RUBY
HARDWARE
LINUX
SECURITY
ANSIBLE
CLOUD.
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Your responsibilities will encompass overseeing the launch of the ESC in 2025, working closely with global AWS teams, and influencing the evolution of AWS services and technology. A typical day in this role involves collaborating with technology leaders, contributing to the enhancement of day-to-day operations, and ensuring improvements in availability, reliability, latency, performance, and efficiency of the ESC. You will be required to occasionally participate in “on-call” rotations to resolve incidents occurring out-of-hours.
The overarching goal is to deliver scalable services and ensure a high-availability experience for EU customers. A typical day in this role involves collaborating with technology leaders, contributing to the enhancement of day-to-day operations, and ensuring improvements in availability, reliability, latency, performance, and efficiency of the ESC. You will be required to occasionally participate in “on-call” rotations to resolve incidents occurring out-of-hours.
Requirements
Eligibility requirement * Fluency in written and spoken English is required.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
- * This role requires you to be a national of an EU member state
- * Proven experience in software development or related field with proficiency in at least one modern programming language such as Java, Typescript, Python, or Ruby
- * Demonstrated experience in engineering, working with hardware, software, networking, operating systems
- * Solid understanding of Linux and networking, and able to troubleshoot and anticipate problems that affect the performance, reliability, or availability of software systems.
- * Experience designing systems for performance, simplicity, and scalability, durability, cost, and security.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
- Experience working cross-organizationally and leading strategic team efforts requiring work from multiple team members
- Experience actively mentoring junior engineers
- Experience performance tuning software applications and optimizing fleet utilization
- Experience with Infrastructure as Code, (such as CDK, CloudFormation, Puppet, Chef, Ansible, or similar)
What we offer
* Successful applicants must have the legal right to work in Germany.
* Amazon will provide relocation support for successful applicants relocating within the European Union.
* This position involves On-call responsibility.Diverse Experiences
AWS values diverse experiences. Even if you do not meet all of the qualifications and skills listed in the job description, we encourage candidates to apply. If your career is just starting, hasn't followed a traditional path, or includes alternative experiences, don't let it stop you from applying.AWS values curiosity and connection. Our employee-led and company-sponsored affinity groups promote inclusion and empower our people to take pride in what makes us unique. Our inclusion events foster stronger, more collaborative teams. Our continual innovation is fueled by the bold ideas, fresh perspectives, and passionate voices our teams bring to everything we do.
Mentorship & Career Growth
We're continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earth's Best Employer. That's why you'll find endless knowledge-sharing, mentorship and other career-advancing resources here to help you develop into a better-rounded professional.
Work/Life Balance
We value work-life harmony. Achieving success at work should never come at the expense of sacrifices at home, which is why flexible work hours and arrangements are part of our culture. When we feel supported in the workplace and at home, there's nothing we can't achieve in the cloud.
Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (
) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.
m/w/d
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit
for more information. If the country/region you're applying in isn't listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.
Company info
AWS is set to introduce the inaugural European Sovereign Cloud (ESC), marking a significant development in utility computing (UC). To spearhead this initiative, we are actively seeking experienced systems development engineers with a strong background in automation and operations. As part of the AWS Managed Operations team, you will play a pivotal role in building and leading operations and development teams dedicated to delivering high-availability AWS services, including EC2, S3, Dynamo, Lambda, and Bedrock, exclusively for EU customers. For more information on ESC please check out our blog:
you are an experienced professional ready for a challenging and impactful opportunity, we invite you to join our efforts in building a best-in-class development engineering and operations team that aligns with AWS' commitment to customer satisfaction and continual innovation.
Utility Computing (UC)
European Sovereign Cloud (ESC) is a part of AWS Utility Computing (UC).
AWS Utility Computing (UC) provides product innovations — from foundational services such as Amazon's Simple Storage Service (S3) and Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2), to consistently released new product innovations that continue to set AWS's services and features apart in the industry. As a member of the UC organization, you'll support the development and management of Compute, Database, Storage, Internet of Things (Iot), Platform, and Productivity Apps services in AWS. Within AWS UC, Managed Operations engineers engage with AWS customers who require specialized security solutions for their cloud services.Amazon is looking for highly motivated Systems Development Engineers who can balance the day-to-day operations of AWS' software systems with long-term software engineering to reduce operational toil. We need engineers who enjoy constantly learning and diving deep into the wide range of systems and technologies that make up one of the world's largest cloud providers. About the teamWhy AWS?Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world's most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. We pioneered cloud computing and never stopped innovating — that's why customers from the most successful startups to Global 500 companies trust our robust suite of products and services to power their businesses.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
Network
and System Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése