Cég neve
Cloud Network Technology Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Komárom
Nézze meg a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét!
Ft/hó
Megnézem
Ön felfedte a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét
N.
e Ft/hó
Részletek
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
ASSEMBLY
ABAP
ACCESS
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
ASSEMBLY
ABAP
ACCESS
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Cloud Network Technology Kft.
SAP Business Analyst
As a subsidiary of Foxconn Industrial Internet, part of the world’s largest technology manufacturer, the FOXCONN Group, Cloud Network Technology Kft. is now expanding its team! Our parent company, founded in Taiwan in 1974, is a global pioneer in the electronics industry, and since 2003 we have proudly represented this spirit of innovation in Hungary. Our clients include some of the world’s largest American and Asian tech giants, for whom we manufacture electronic devices, networking equipment, and computer products.
In response to growing demand, we are expanding our team and looking to fill the following position:
SAP Business Analyst
If you thrive on challenges and want to work on world-class projects, then you belong with us!
We offer professional support and a cutting-edge technological background to help you succeed in your role. You’ll be working in a modern environment where innovative technologies and state-of-the-art tools support you in your daily tasks. On top of that, you’ll be part of a friendly, supportive team that values your knowledge and ideas. With us, you’ll find a stable, long-term career opportunity at a continuously growing international company.
Főbb feladatok, munkák:
Customizing in SAP logistic modules like SAP MM / PP alone
Provide solution for SAP processes in cooperation with business and logistical systems
Interaction with process experts to find the best industry practice to implement
Implement functional specifications with regards to change control and ALM directive
Support the SAP related trainings / tests / validation related tasks
Being active member of preparation of S4Hana upgrade
Az álláshoz tartozó elvárások:
Minimum 5 years of experience in relevant SAP modules
Solution oriented personality who focused on customer needs
Experience in manufacturing area (assembly, interfaces with MES systems)
Fluent Hungarian and English communication
Analyze/ Debug / Develop / Implement/ smaller ABAP-programs is a plus
S/4 Hana implementation experience is a plus
Data migration experience is a plus
Amit kínálunk:
Continuous professional development and training opportunities
Competitive cafeteria benefits package
Annual HUF 570,000 transferred to your SZÉP Card
Employer contributions to voluntary pension fund
Life and accident insurance
Commuting support:
HUF 60/km fuel reimbursement
Public transport pass reimbursement
Free company bus services
Annual bonus
Loyalty is rewarded – seniority bonus for your years spent with us
Performance-based recognition
We care about your well-being: all employees have free access to our corporate recreational center with a gym, yoga & meditation room, and sauna
Large-scale company events such as Family Day and Christmas Party
Free participation in sports events
Positive work atmosphere and a great team
Join us and be part of the technology of the future!
Jelentkezés módja:
Kérjük, pályázatát a jelentkezem gombra kattintva küldje el.
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
üzemeltetés, Telekommunikáció
Vállalatirányítási
rendszer, SAP
Komárom-Esztergom
megye
Komárom
Álláshirdetés jelentése