Cég neve
MOL IT & DIGITAL GBS KFT.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
1117 Budapest, Dombóvári út 28.
Fizetés
Bónusz
Nézze meg a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét!
Ft/hó
Megnézem
Ön felfedte a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét
N.
e Ft/hó
Részletek
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Cafeteria
Szakmai tréningek
Munkába járás támogatás
Egészségbiztosítás
Sport támogatás
Élet- és balesetbiztosítás
Nyugdíjpénztár
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Elvárások
Angol középfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Cafeteria
Szakmai
tréningek
Munkába
járás támogatás
Egészségbiztosítás
Sport
támogatás
Élet-
és balesetbiztosítás
Nyugdíjpénztár
Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Angol
középfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Company info
In line with the MOL Group Test and Release Management Strategy, the Release Manager manages and supports the frequently scheduled releases within CES environment and ensures the quality assurance for these releases. The Release Manager supports both the new IT developments and the development changes in line with MOL Test and Release Management requirements in order to increase the overall development and release quality within the MOL IT&D GBS. The Release Manager plays an essential role within the monthly release periods by organizing and supporting the release activities of the main corporate projects.
Tasks
The Release Manager actively participates in creating the Release strategy and defining the principals. Alsoparticipates in the implementation and execution of MOL Group Test and Release management strategy on her/his area.
Manages the CES Major/Monthly Releases by organizing and coordinating the related activities.
Manages the CES Minor Releases, maintains the Change Advisory Board (CAB) and keeps other release-related documentation updated as business as usual activities.
Defines the scope of major and minor releases and manages interdependencies between projects and other changes (about 30 projects / year).
Ensures that all required release-related deliverables are created by the development team.
Administrates major and minor releases and all the related changes in order to maintain the effective release management process,documents CES relevant changes in  Service Management module.
Participates as Release Manager at IT projects.
Acts as a knowledge base for release management support tools (ie.: Azure DevOps, Confluence) and supports and advices users in the related processes.
Supports MOL IT&D GBS and its processes by providing up-to-date reports, documentation and KPI dashboards.
Participates and maintains Quality Assurance processes with dedicated attention to proper and up-to date documentation and to the release-related KPIs. Also be responsible for constant process improvement within the QA area.
Coordinates the communication between different parties (GBS, MOL, 3rdparty vendors) regarding release management related topics.
Requirements
University or college degree in economics, computer science, business administration (degree in IT is an advantage)
Minimal of 5+years relevant experience in IT field (QA, Test Mgmt, Release Mgmt, Service Mgmt, PMO)
Result oriented and able to work on own
MOL Group related business processes, organisational structure and rule understanding/knowledge
Structural thinking and analysis approach
Communication skills – the ability to communicate well in English and Hungarian, verbally and in written form
Project management skills
What we offer
A working location in 11th district
Flexi time, home office possibilities, 2 HO per week
Work together and learn from experienced team
Project related travelling possibilities in the region
Career opportunities within MOL Group
Annual bonus
Maximalized - Gross 800.000 HUF - annual fringe benefits (with elements of SZÉP card, All you can move card, culture and sport event, health and pension insurance allowance, etc)
Loyalty bonus (after 3 years of employment)
Support at all stages of family life – baby born allowance, extra paid paternity leave, paid leave for single parents, MOL Égigerő kindergarten support and MOL Campus Égigerő daycare, school start support, student loan support)
Support in difficult situations (health insurance support for employees with diability,advance salary payment, etc.)
Preparation for retirement (pre-retirement support, pensioner benefits, company loyalty program)
Awards and recognitions (extra leave days, project reward, leadership reward, etc.)
Support for physical and mental well-being (fitness center, health programs and company help line)
Other company benefits (MOL partner benefits, discounted fueling)
Community building (MOL open day, family days, cooking days, Christmas concert)
Discounted phone fleet package for family members
Discounted MediCare health insurance for family members
Life and accident insurance
Travel allowance - 40 HUF/km
80% sick leave allowance
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése