Cég neve
Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
NETWORK
VPN
SECURITY
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
NETWORK
VPN
SECURITY
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
- Study current IETF drafts, NIST PQC standards, and prior works integrating Post-quantum cryptography (PQC) into IPsec
- Propose and test fragmentation mitigation mechanisms for lossy networks
- Extend a selected IPsec stack using open-source PQC libraries
- Measure handshake message sizes, fragmentation, and performance under simulated lossy conditions
Requirements
- Enrolled student in (technical) computer science, electrical engineering or comparable field of studies
- Interest in Cryptography, (esp. PQC) and Cryptographic Libraries (OpenSSL, Botan, etc.)
- Experience with Security Protocols (TLS, IPsec, etc.)
- Profound understanding of Network Simulation and Secure Programming
- Good knowledge of written and spoken English and German
What we offer
You can expect very good payment, excellent terms and outstanding opportunities for growth and development.
Company info
At Rohde & Schwarz, we develop and produce solutions in the fields of Test & Measurement, Technology Systems, and Networks & Cybersecurity – driven by the vision of a safer and connected world. From software to final production, our more than 15,000 employees create products and systems that set global standards and enable technological sovereignty for industrial, regulatory, and government customers worldwide.
Our headquarters, located in the heart of Munich, also serves as our main development site.
Join our Application Software Division in Stuttgart (Germany) at the earliest possible date.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Security
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése