Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Seeing beyond - future of medical technology
For more than 100 years, ZEISS medical technology has been driving progress in ophthalmology and microsurgery. In ophthalmology, our solutions help to maintain and improve people's vision at every stage of their lives. In microsurgery, our solutions enable targeted interventions on diseased tissue so that small and sensitive organs continue to function optimally.
Medical technology from ZEISS supports medical professionals in improving the lives of patients worldwide. The fact that our actions have a direct impact on people's well-being is what drives us every day.
Your Role:
Project Management and Leadership:
As an Embedded Software Project Lead, you will oversee the planning, execution, monitoring and delivery of embedded software projects for innovative medical devices for applications in ophthalmology. You will ensure projects are completed on time, within budget, and meet the required quality standards.
Team Collaboration and Cross-Functional Integration:
You will work closely with embedded software developers, providing guidance and support to ensure successful project outcomes. Your role will involve fostering a collaborative environment and promoting teamwork. In doing so, you will collaborate with various teams and functions across departmental boundaries and locations.
Platform and Open-Source Integration:
You will develop modular solutions building on our Zephyr-based embedded software platform while integrating new technologies and trends and promoting open-source principles to foster a culture of collaboration, enhance quality and reduce development efforts.
Quality Assurance and Regulatory Compliance:
You will implement best practices in software development, ensuring efficient and effective verification and validation strategies are in place to guarantee quality, reliability as well as compliance with legal and normative requirements including cybersecurity.
Requirements
Educational Background:
University degree in software engineering, computer science, electrical engineering, or a comparable field.
Experience:
Demonstrated several years of professional experience in developing embedded systems, with proven leadership skills in building, leading and empowering successful project teams within a regulated industry, preferably medical devices.
Project Management and External Collaboration:
You have application-related project management skills and the ability to tailor classical and agile project management approaches combined with solid experience in managing and collaborating with external partners.
Technical Proficiency:
You are proficient in relevant programming languages (C/C++, Python) and Linux-based real-time operating systems (preferably Zephyr), have knowledge of micro-controllers and bus systems (CAN, CAN-FD, TLS) and are familiar with modern software development methodologies and CI/CD tool chains (e.g. GitHub, Azure DevOps, Jira).
Platform Development and Open Source:
Ideally you bring experience in platform development or product line engineering and are familiar with open-source integration
Regulatory Knowledge:
Understanding relevant standards and regulations, such as IEC 62304, IEC 60601, ISO 14971, ISO 13485, MDR and FDA 21 CFR 820.
Communication and Collaboration Skills:
You have good communication skills, experience in managing a diverse group of stakeholders and enjoy working with international and diverse teams.
Problem-Solving Skills:
Strong problem-solving skills and analytical thinking.
Language Skills:
Business fluency in English and German, both written and spoken.
Company info
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Healthcare,
Pharmaceutical Industry
Healthcare
Manager, Beauty Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése