Cég neve
Daimler Truck AG
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT
1. AI Applications & Office Automation
Use and development of solutions with
Microsoft Copilot
,
NotebookLM
, and other LLM‑based tools
Building
AI‑assisted workflows
for Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook)
Document analysis, meeting summaries, and automation of recurring administrative processes
Creation of
prompt templates
, guidelines, and use‑case documentation
2. Software Development
Development of small tools, scripts, or prototypes (e.g., Python, JavaScript/TypeScript, C#, depending on profile)
Support in internal software or automation projects
Testing, validating, and documenting technical solutions
Assistance with data processing, interfaces, or workflow automation
3. Social Intranet / Center Communication
Contribute to the operation and continuous improvement of a
social intranet
(e.g., Microsoft Viva Engage, SharePoint‑based platforms)
Creation, maintenance, and structuring of content for
center communication
, including:
News posts
Team updates
Knowledge articles / best practices
Process and documentation content
Optimization of information architecture, navigation, and search functionality
Support for moderated communication channels, groups, and editorial planning
Evaluation of usage metrics (e.g., reach, interactions) to enhance content and platform performance
WHAT WE OFFER
Flexible working hours (20 hours/week)
Direct practical experience with modern AI technologies
Insight into software development and digital communication platforms
Opportunity to contribute your own ideas and develop prototypes
Collaboration with experienced development and communication teams
Modern work environment, technical equipment, and opportunities for skill development
Requirements
THAT'S WHY YOU ARE A MATCH
Enrolled student in Computer Science, Data Science, Business Informatics, Engineering, or a related field
Initial experience with AI tools (Copilot, NotebookLM, ChatGPT, etc.)
Good technical understanding and ideally programming experience (Python, JavaScript/TypeScript, C#, …)
Confident handling of Microsoft 365; basic experience with SharePoint or intranet systems is an advantage
Independent, structured working style with strong willingness to learn
Ability to communicate complex topics clearly; interest in process optimization through AI
Good English or German communication skills
You don't bring everything with you? No problem! We look for skills but hire for attitude!
MAKEYOURMOVE
and apply now – we‘re looking forward to it! Additional information: It doesn't work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, certificate of enrollment, current performance record, relevant certificates, if applicable proof of mandatory internship and the standard period of study (max. 5 MB). Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned. Please find the criteria of employment
>here. Citizens of countries outside the European Trade Union please send, if applicable, your residence / work permit. We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process:
What we offer
Bei Daimler Truck fördern wir Vielfalt und stehen für eine inklusive Unternehmenskultur. Wir schätzen die individuellen Stärken unserer Mitarbeiter:innen, denn diese führen zur besten Teamleistung und somit zum Erfolg unseres Unternehmens. Inklusion und Chancengleichheit sind uns wichtig – ganz gleich woher Du kommst und wer Du bist. Wir freuen uns auf Bewerbungen von Personen aller Kulturen und Geschlechter, Eltern, Menschen mit Behinderungen und Menschen aus der LGBTIQ+ Community.
Company info
ABOUT US
At Daimler Truck, we change today's transportation and create real impact together. We take responsibility around the globe and work together as one global team. We drive our progress and success together – everyone at Daimler Truck makes the difference. Together, we want to reduce our carbon footprint, increase safety on and off the track, develop smarter technology and attractive financial solutions. All essential, to fulfill our purpose - for all who keep the world moving.
Become part of our global team: You make the difference -
YOUMAKEUS
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Business
Supporting Centres
IT
Support
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése