Cég neve
Secunet Security Networks AG
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
We're building a “Core Product Platform” that develops shared components that internal customers integrate into their products. We're looking for a Product Lead (PO / PM) for this upcoming organization that can help us build up a product portfolio and ensure its continuous success.
What you'll Do
Create the vision, product strategy and roadmap for our products
Engage customers and use their feedback to continually improve the product direction
Develop and monitor KPIs for the success of the products in our platform
Influence technical priorities and business strategy through data-driven contributions to advance our products' success inside secunet
Identify and confirm needs inside the organization to come up with new products
Interface with business and engineering to ensure the continuous success of our products
Capture, document, and communicate business and technical product requirements
Requirements
University degree in a technology- or business-related field. Alternatively, you have roughly equivalent experience to a university degree.
Proficient in English (German is an optional bonus)
Strong product management background
Self-starter comfortable with amgibuity and competing priorities in an upcoming organisation
Experience with feature prioritization and product roadmap trade-offs
Experience with end-to-end product delivery
Demonstrated ability to understand and discuss technical concepts and manage trade-offs
What we offer
Work with a cutting-edge tech stack in an ambitious, high-impact environment
A clear product vision, lots of freedom to shape your work, and experienced teammates
Flat hierarchies, quick decision-making, and a strong engineering culture
Flexible working hours, remote options, and modern equipment
If you are keen to work for a leading cybersecurity company in a fair and trusting environment, you should immediately get in touch with us.
Company info
Our mission is to lead the transformation to a company-wide platform approach by developing and maintaining shared components and services as strategic assets. We enable scalable, efficient product development and foster innovation across the organization, empowering teams to deliver value faster and more effectively. We provide the technical means to develop entirely new product classes.
Our teams of highly motivated engineers focused on cutting-edge, security-focused technologies and a DevSecOps platform that supports the entire lifecycle of our products. We deliver measurable business impact by enabling faster time-to-market, reducing development costs, and improving product quality through scalable and reusable services & components.
For the engineering team of the core products platform, we are looking for an experienced PO/PM to support the team in discovery and continuous value delivery. The team is currently delivering an operating system based on NixOS that is image-based, immutable, and places a strong emphasis on security and reliability. In the future, additional security features will be introduced, such as a Trust & Identity Layer, Secure Connectivity, and Security Services.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése