Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What you'll build
In your role as a Digital Solution Advisor, you will serve as a domain expert with extensive knowledge in the App Development & Automation as well as Integration area within our SAP Business Technology Platform. Through direct interaction with prospective clients and partners, you will demonstrate SAP solutions and provide expert advice regarding business outcomes and the value they gain. Your ultimate goal is to steer these presales conversations towards successful deal closings.
Key Responsibilities and Tasks
Align customer needs and vision with SAP BTP solutions early in the sales cycle
Showcasing SAP solutions addressing customers' specific business requirements
Mapping product capabilities to business requirements
Responding to inquiries from customers within set deadlines, focusing on customer success
Involving partners into opportunities and backing them to sell effectively
Generating digital content for business development campaigns and delivering webinars
Creating scalable digital content and best practices for consistent and efficient advisory services
Requirements
We need your unique skills if you:
thrive on frequent wins,
revel in the diversity of challenges from a wide variety of customers,
are eager to employ technology and reusable assets to efficiently serve opportunities,
flourish in a collaborative environment with partners,
and can advise a large client base of up to 100 customers annually.
We're very interested in meeting you if you answered 'yes' to these!
What you bring
Several years in customer-facing roles such as consulting, presales or in product-expert roles such as product/solution management
Strong foundation of capabilities of SAP Business Technology Platform (or similar platform solutions) with a specialization in SAP Integration Suite & SAP Build
Solid grounding in SAP's solution portfolio, partners, markets, and competition
Fluency in German and English is mandatory for advising our clients
Strong presentation and communication skills
An independent and goal-oriented working style
Bachelor's degree in business administration, engineering, computer science, or a related field, though degrees of equivalent experience are welcomed
What we offer
SAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 444657 | Work Area: Pre-Sales | Expected Travel: 0 - 10% | Career Status: Professional | Employment Type: Regular Full Time or Part
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong. What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
We're excited to expand our Digital Solution Advisory teams dedicated to servicing the Middle and Eastern European region, including Germany, Switzerland, Austria, and various eastern European countries. We're on the hunt for talented individuals experienced in SAP Business Technology Platform.
'Win smart at scale!' is the mission that fuels us. Serving primarily midmarket customers, we confidently handle a high volume of business transactions, working in efficient synergy with SAP's partners.
Our intention? Drive revenue growth by delivering primarily virtual world-class experiences with the goal to help more customers run better.
Digital Solution Advisors operationalize this goal by leveraging an array of digital tools, reusable assets, blended with comprehensive solution expertise and customer empathy. An exciting and pivotal role!
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Sales,
Trade
IT
Sales Representative
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése