Cég neve
MOL IT & DIGITAL GBS KFT.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Fizetés
Bónusz
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Cafeteria
Szakmai tréningek
Munkába járás támogatás
Egészségbiztosítás
Élet- és balesetbiztosítás
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Elvárások
Angol középfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Cafeteria
Szakmai
tréningek
Munkába
járás támogatás
Egészségbiztosítás
Élet-
és balesetbiztosítás
Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Angol
középfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Company info
Would you like to developing large-scale, business-critical projects in an international corporate environment?
Would you be eager to shape technology directions and architecture, with real professional decision-making authority?
Would you use modern development tools and technologies (cloud, automation, scalable systems)?
Would you be eager to support and mentor the team professionally?
PURPOSE OF THE POSITION
Participates in coordinating IT Application Development/Support activities in alignment with MOL Group's strategy and business requirements. Contributes to IT development projects in alignment with the IT strategy and performs IT analysis, operation and development tasks to ensure the satisfaction of internal business stakeholders, employees and users of IT systems and infrastructure.
Tasks
Coordinates the execution of MOL Group business, functional strategy in their department, focusing on areas performing core business functions.
Cooperates with relevant business and functional areas and Business Analysts to analyze business processes and requirements, handle business requests from technical side and leads preparation and execution of IT development plans to fulfill business needs. (including resource estimation)
Cooperates closely with Business side peers, Super Users, Process Architects, Developers, Operators, Application Architects, Senior Process Consultants,  Business Analysts and Developers from other organizations.
Coordinates and owns the business requirement specifications of its own sub-domain, in-line with domain business and IT strategy. Assists the business system owner in defining developments and the associated acceptance criteria
Leads the delivery of high quality and cost-effective IT solutions fulfilling business requirements and enabling efficient business processes.
Leads the professional execution of solution design, implementation and unit testing activities, ensures support of key users and handover of solution to IT Application & Infrastructure Operation colleagues.
Participates in the evaluation of suppliers involved in application development or introduction, occasionally leads workgroups performing these activities
Maintains contemporary knowledge of IT solutions, industry benchmarks and trends in their area, and strives to apply these in their job. Manages, reviews and approves the training materials and provides quality assurance. Manages end-user trainings.
Coordinates the implementation of projects and system improvement requests in their area.
Participates in application support in order to mitigate and resolve incidents related to applications in their area.
Requirements
Higher professional, technical degree required, Information technology degree preferred
Minimum 5+ years professional experience in similar area
Participation in projects and cooperation Result oriented and able to work based on plans.
Excellent individual / interpersonal management skills.
Good structural thinking and analytical skills. Communication skills - the ability to communicate well in English, verbally and in written form
What we offer
Annual bonus
Maximized - Gross 800.000 HUF - annual fringe benefits (with elements of SZÉP card, All you can move card, culture and sport event, health and pension insurance allowance, etc)
Loyalty bonus (after 3 years of employment)
Support at all stages of family life – baby born allowance, extra paid paternity leave, paid leave for single parents, MOL Égigerő kindergarten support and MOL Campus Égigerő daycare, school start support, student loan support)
Support in difficult situations (health insurance support for employees with diability,advance salary payment, etc.)
Preparation for retirement (pre-retirement support, pensioner benefits, company loyalty program)
Awards and recognitions (extra leave days, project reward, leadership reward, etc.)
Support for physical and mental well-being (fitness center, health programs and company help line)
Other company benefits (MOL partner benefits, discounted fueling)
Community building (MOL open day, family days, cooking days, Christmas concert)
Discounted phone fleet package for family members
Discounted MediCare health insurance for family members
Life and accident insurance
Travel allowance - 40 HUF/km
80% sick leave allowance
Contribute to one of Central and Eastern Europe’s most significant digital transformation programs.
Work with a diverse, international team of SAP experts.
Hybrid work model and a supportive, innovation-driven environment.
Continuous learning, career development and compensation package
Work on the development of one of Hungary’s most complex maintenance systems.
Participation in local and international projects, challenges that fit your competencies
Professional and soft skill trainings and career opportunities within MOL Group
Hybrid working / home office possibilities, MOL Campus facilities, location flexibility ( Budapest, Tiszaújváros, Százhalombatta)
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
Corporate
Management System, SAP
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése