Cég neve
ALDI International IT Services Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Baranya megye, Hajdú-Bihar megye
Nézze meg a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét!
Ft/hó
Megnézem
Ön felfedte a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét
N.
e Ft/hó
Részletek
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Szakmai tréningek
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
Nem kell tapasztalat
Középiskola

Szakmai
tréningek
Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
Nem
kell tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
My responsibilities
Within the international IT department of ALDI SÜD, you are responsible for delivering high-quality support by fulfilling the tasks below:
Provide IT support to ALDI colleagues in offices and logistics centers in the US, Australia, and Europe via phone and e-mail from our Budapest office and home office
Analyze and work towards the resolution of emerging IT errors related to software, hardware, and network systems.
Record, track, and follow up on incidents and requests using our ticketing system (ServiceNow).
Collaborate with training, quality, and expert groups.
Install programs, perform data backup through remote access.
Test new hardware and software to ensure compatibility and performance.
The knowledge I own
Confident intermediate or higher English AND German written and oral language skills.
Willingness to work in shifts (7/24), on weekends, and on bank holidays as well (additional shift allowance is applicable).
Eager to learn and adapt to changes and new IT solutions.
Customer-focused with strong communication skills.
Maintain a high standard towards own work and demonstrate excellent problem-solving abilities.
Team player with a positive attitude.
High school diploma or higher education.
The offer that would convince me
A constantly growing organization with increasing opportunities for career advancement.
Possibility to participate in international projects with travel opportunities.
State-of-the-art working environment, easily accessible by public transportation.
Secure, long-term job opportunity with outstanding salary and benefits.
Home office possibility
Comprehensive training programs and professional development opportunities.
Support for maintaining a healthy work-life balance.
Place of work:
1112 Budapest, Boldizsár utca 2.,
7622 Pécs, Bajcsy-Zsilinszky utca 33.,
4025 Debrecen, Barna u. 23.
How to apply
Please use our online application and attach your resume.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Support, Helpdesk
Regionális
Álláshirdetés jelentése