Cég neve
A3 Soft s.r.o.
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
TESTING
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
TESTING
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
defining (owning) the product:
managing the introduction of new products, innovations and modifications of existing products
compiling assignments for the company's developers,
ongoing participation in development from the design point of view, participation in regular dev-team standups
responsibility for testing, pilot deployments
responsibility for delivery within specified deadlines
Tracking of ongoing projects, preparing status reports, maintaining documentation.
Liaising with the relevant departments of the German Tax Authority and other authorities.
Monitoring and understanding the requirements of fiscal legislation
Providing direct support to the development team on technological and technical issues.
Customer needs and partner feedback – keeping track, analyzing, and preparing suggestions for decision makers (being ready for the suggestions to be challenged)
Knowledge of existing software solutions and exploiting their potential to meet customer needs.
Participating in the product approval process, e.g. preparation of costing related to particular development/innovations and their monitoring
Coordinating communication between internal and external stakeholders.
Requirements
Secondary or higher technical education (in IT or engineering).
2–5 years of experience in product management,
Mandatory experience in cash-register industry (distributor, service partner or software house)
Active, negotiable English language skills, both spoken and written.
Excellent communication and collaboration skills.
Ability to work independently, proactive attitude.
Category B driving license (for occasional meetings with authorities, partners, intercompany meetings).
Advantages
Experience in fiscal licensing processes.
Knowledge of payment systems, bank card terminals or POS solutions.
Company info
A3 Soft Ltd is a multinational fintech company with a clear roadmap: to provide innovative and efficient payment and cash-register solutions for businesses of all sizes. With over 20 years of experience in the field, the company delivers a wide range of devices offering card acceptance, cash register and tax-relevant functions via the FiskalPRO brand. Its platform is open-structured, and independent from existing software systems/tools. This enables impressive integration flexibility, enhanced efficiencies and benefits for customers.
Purpose of the position
We expect from the prospective product manager to be the owner of the product portfolio and processes associated with its innovation, including but not limited to coordinating SW development team, implementing HW innovations, monitoring and assuring compliance with fiscal regulations, communicating with German Tax Authority
Direct supervisor
Country manager
Reporting is expected also to parent company management
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése