Cég neve
Mercedes-Benz AG
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PYTHON
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
PYTHON
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
We are committed to shaping the future of automotive mobility by developing highly automated driving systems for both highway and urban areas. Our development teams work with state-of-the-art technologies to develop innovative and class-leading systems to provide our customers with the best experience possible. To master this challenge, we are looking for energetic and committed students to conduct research within our Scene Reasoning and Prediction Team in Sindelfingen.
Focus of the Master Thesis
End-to-end models for autonomous driving aim to jointly optimize perception, motion prediction, and planning, enabling downstream components to exploit rich sensory information while reducing the impact of upstream perception errors. Although such approaches have demonstrated promising performance gains, fully joint training at scale remains prohibitively expensive in terms of computational and memory requirements. In particular, scalability is limited by the combination of large perception architectures and the data-intensive nature of motion prediction and planning, which require substantial scenario diversity to accurately model complex agent interactions. Recent work has shown that scaling data -either through curated, object-level datasets or large-scale simulation - can unlock unprecedented performance and solve challenging driving scenarios. However, how to effectively exploit the knowledge learned by these models in real-world, end-to-end settings remains underexplored problem. The aim of this work is to addresses these limitations by introducing discrete representations, for example via dictionary learning methods, as an interface between perception and motion prediction. The primary motivation is to enable decoupled and scalable pretraining while preserving the adaptability and rich information flow characteristic of end-to-end models.
Objectives
Design and implement a discrete, structured interface that compresses and semantically organizes perception outputs while preserving information critical for prediction
Demonstrate factorized training where perception and prediction can be trained largely independently, reducing computational and memory cost relative to full end-to-end training
Develop efficient end-to-end alignment strategies (e.g., targeted fine-tuning, distillation) to achieve high overall performance with minimal joint retraining
Provide a comprehensive evaluation covering robustness to perception noise, scalability, efficiency, and interpretability
The activity can begin from April 2026.
The final thesis selection is made in close consultation with you, the university and us.
Requirements
Master degree in Computer Science, Robotics, Artificial Intelligence, or a related field
Fluent English, both written and spoken
Commitment and ability to work in a team
Solid programing skills (Python)
Prior experience in deep learning, computer vision, or autonomous driving
Additional Information:
We look forward to receiving your online application, including a resume, cover letter, certificates, current certificate of enrollment stating your semester, and proof of the standard period of study. Please remember to mark your documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form and observe the maximum file size of 5 MB.
You can find further information on the hiring criteria
here
.
Severely disabled applicants and applicants with equivalent status are welcome! The representative for severely disabled employees (
HR Services will be happy to help you with any questions you may have about the application process. You can reach us by email at
What we offer
Meal-Discounts
Mobile Phone for Employees Possible
Discounts for Employees Possible
Annual Profit Share Possible
Events for Employees
Coaching
Flextime Possible
Hybrid Work Possible
Health Benefits
Company Retirement
Mobility Offers
Parking
Inhouse Doctor
Good Public Transport
Barrier-Free Workplace
Near-Site Childcare
Canteen, Café
Company info
Life is always about becoming… Becoming means going on a journey to be the best version of our future selves. While we discover new things, we will face challenges, master them and grow beyond our individual limits.
Apply for a job at Mercedes-Benz and find your individual role and workspace to unleash your talents to the fullest. Empowered by visionary colleagues who share the same pioneering spirit. Joining us means becoming part of a global team that aims to build the most desirable cars in the world. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: MER0003YHT
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése