Cég neve
Bosch Gruppe
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
NETWORK
ANALYTICS.
JAVA
C
PYTHON
MATLAB
AGILE
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
NETWORK
ANALYTICS.
JAVA
C
PYTHON
MATLAB
AGILE
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As an Information Technology JMP, you focus on intelligent IT solutions.
In 12-24 months, you transition through various stations at home and abroad. You drive the networking and development of digital business models with regard to global IT infrastructure, cloud technologies, app development, use of customer-oriented platforms, and software solutions. At the heart of our work is the Bosch IoT ecosystem.
Together with us, you will lay the foundation for your future as a leader. For us, leadership means continuously advancing yourself and other people, influencing existing processes, and thus achieving challenging, entrepreneurial, and meaningful goals.
What awaits you:
Flexible starting date all year round and a permanent employment contract
Individual program length and design your program in agile product areas, corporate start-ups, or classic line organizations with a wide range of workshops and trainings
One station abroad worldwide within the Bosch Group
Preparation for a global management role with your personal career mentor from top-management within Bosch
Complement your practical experience with a variety of learning and training methods, for which you have an individual budget
Benefit from the network and experience of your personal mentor at management level
Requirements
Personality
: You are enthusiastic about solutions relating to information technology. In addition, you are also interested in entrepreneurial relationships. You enjoy inspiring other people. You see courage, openness, tolerance, and mindfulness as desirable attitudes.
Background
: You have completed your master's or diploma degree in (business) computer science, (technical) business administration, industrial engineering or comparable, above average. Your focus is on topics such as cloud technologies, web services, IoT, big data, AI, software and/or data analytics. Maybe you have already gained an MBA, PhD or first professional experience.
Experience and know-how:
You have at least three months of international experience and have gained practical experience through relevant internships in the software or I(o)T environment, also in medium-sized companies or start-ups. You also have practical experience in the use of one or more programming languages such as Java, C, Python, Matlab or similar. You have a very good command of English and a good command of German.
What we offer
Work-life balance
: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport
: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare
: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts
: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity
: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services
: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Company info
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The
Robert Bosch GmbH
is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Gerlingen-Schillerhöhe
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése