Cég neve
Atotech Deutschland GmbH & Co. KG
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ANALYTICS
AZURE
BI
SQL
POWER BI
ACCESS
DATABASE
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ANALYTICS
AZURE
BI
SQL
POWER
BI
ACCESS
DATABASE
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a working student (m/f/d) Power BI & Reporting within the Equipment Business Unit (EQ BU), you will support the development of modern, scalable reporting structures and dashboards for various functional areas. You will work closely with functional Business Process Owners, Finance, Operations, Sales, Engineering, and IT to prepare data sources, model reports, and implement dashboard designs in Power BI. In this role, you will report to the Business Process Owner Equipment.
Your responsibilities
Supporting the design, development, and enhancement of Power BI dashboards for EQ functional areas.
Building data models, data pipelines, and semi‑automated refresh processes.
Identifying, structuring, and documenting relevant data sources.
Creating user‑friendly visualizations that clearly communicate complex data.
Contributing to the harmonization of reporting standards across the EQ BU.
Collaborating with cross-functional teams to gather requirements and improve existing reporting solutions.
Requirements
Enrollment in a bachelor's or master's degree program in Business Informatics, Computer Science, Data Analytics, Business Administration, or a related field.
Initial hands-on experience with Power BI.
Solid understanding of data modeling (e.g., star schema), DAX, or Power Query.
Strong analytical skills and interest in data‑driven processes.
Structured, reliable, and independent way of working.
Very good English skills, German is a plus.
Preferred Skills
Experience with SQL, Azure, or other database systems.
Exposure to requirements engineering or reporting processes.
Knowledge of ETL concepts and automated data workflows.
What we offer
Globally, our policy is to recruit individuals from wide and diverse backgrounds. However, certain positions require access to controlled goods and technologies subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) or Export Administration Regulations (EAR). Applicants for these positions may need to be "U.S. persons." "U.S. persons" are generally defined as U.S. citizens, noncitizen nationals, lawful permanent residents (or, green card holders), individuals granted asylum, and individuals admitted as refugees.
MKS Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries ("MKS") is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer: diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. We win as a team and are committed to recruiting and hiring qualified applicants regardless of race, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions), religion, age, ancestry, physical or mental disability or handicap, marital status, membership in the uniformed services, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, or any other category protected by applicable law. Hiring decisions are based on merit, qualifications and business needs. We conduct background checks and drug screens, in accordance with applicable law and company policies. MKS Inc. is generally only hiring candidates who reside in states where we are registered to do business.
Company info
Atotech, a brand within the Materials Solutions Division of MKS Inc., develops leading process and manufacturing technologies for advanced surface modification, electroless and electrolytic plating, and surface finishing. Applying a comprehensive systems-and-solutions approach, Atotech's portfolio includes chemistry, equipment, software, and services for innovative and high-technology applications. These solutions are used in a wide variety of end-markets, including datacenter, consumer electronics and communications infrastructure, as well as in numerous industrial and consumer applications such as automotive, heavy machinery, and household appliances.
With its well-established innovative strength and industry-leading global TechCenter network, MKS Inc. delivers pioneering solutions through its Atotech brand – combined with unparalleled on-site support for customers worldwide. For more information about Atotech, please visit us at
atotech.com
.
MKS Inc. in Feucht (near Nürnberg) is looking for a
Working Student (m/w/d) Power BI & Reporting
Reference number: R17494
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése