Cég neve
Utimaco GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
DEVOPS
FRONTEND
ANGULAR
SECURITY
DATABASE
ACCESS
TESTING
DATA MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
DEVOPS
FRONTEND
ANGULAR
SECURITY
DATABASE
ACCESS
TESTING
DATA
MANAGEMENT
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Collaborate with system architects to contribute to the design of a secure and scalable service platform architecture, considering factors such as data integrity, confidentiality, and regulatory compliance.
Work closely with cross-functional teams, including software development, QA, and DevOps, to ensure alignment with business requirements and objectives.
Frontend development with Angular
Implement reusable components within the service platform to promote code maintainability and facilitate easier integration of new features.
Follow secure coding practices and standards, participate in code reviews, and adhere to security best practices under the guidance of senior team members.
Contribute to the design and development of RESTful APIs and microservices within the service platform.
Assist in implementing data management strategies, including database design and query optimization, to ensure reliable data access and storage.
Support automated testing efforts to ensure the quality and reliability of the service platform.
Seek guidance and mentorship from senior developers within the team, actively participating in knowledge sharing activities to enhance skills and expertise.
Requirements
Dual education Apprenticeship in software development or Bachelor芒聙聶s degree in computer science or equivalent practical experience.
You have already made some early achievements in the field of software development.
Good grades are welcome, but a goal driven 芒聙聹getting-things-done芒聙聺 mindset is more important.
What we offer
An open and friendly corporate culture characterized by constructive and collaborative interaction
We provide you with support for your future plans with a company pension scheme (depending on country-specific circumstances).
Early risers and night owls - thanks to a flexible working model you can organise your working day yourself.
We also support you privately 脙聝脗垄 benefit from special payments or additional vacation days on anniversaries or other special occasions.
Utimaco is growing and living diversity! Our global team includes colleagues from 42 nationalities and 45 different languages spoken.
Company info
Security is becoming increasingly important to industries. Utimaco products have been protecting people from organized crime and terror as well as sensitive data from theft and abuse for over 35 years. To this end, Utimaco has developed hardware security modules and compliance solutions for telecommunications providers in the field of regulation. Utimaco is the global market leader in both segments. Utimaco stands for recognized product quality, userbility, excellent support and a market-driven offer, manufactured in Germany.
The central goal of protecting people, data and ideas is the commitment of more than 200 people to Utimaco.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése