Cég neve
Bosch Gruppe
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
VIRTUALIZATION
C++
C
PYTHON
MATLAB
CLOUD
MACHINE LEARNING
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
VIRTUALIZATION
C++
C
PYTHON
MATLAB
CLOUD
MACHINE
LEARNING
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
In 18-24 months, you will go through various stations in Germany and abroad, taking on responsible tasks in the areas of application, software services, software and function development (requirements engineering, function development, validation and verification, virtualization, big data, and artificial intelligence), embedded in the topic of control units for all powertrains. You will work on global projects with technically fascinating and challenging products of the Bosch Group. Have you already gained initial experience in the development of (embedded) software, algorithms, big data, or machine learning? Then together with you, we will lay the foundation for your future as a manager at Bosch. This is what awaits you:
Flexible start date and an unlimited employment contract Individual program design with diverse further training opportunities Trainee program consisting of 4-6 stations throughout Germany in various areas An international assignment is an integral part of the program Intensive involvement in day-to-day business and projects Targeted preparation for global leadership tasks with a personal career mentor
Requirements
Personality:
You have an above-average Master's or Diploma degree, preferably with a PhD or initial work experience. You have a strong leadership ambition and possess an entrepreneurial mindset. Flexibility, initiative, and intercultural competence are some of your key traits.
Background:
Your educational background lies in fields such as Technical Computer Science (with a focus on Embedded Systems), Engineering (with a focus on Computer Science, AI, or Control Engineering), Physics, or other Natural Sciences.
Experience and Expertise:
You have knowledge in Embedded Software Development (C++, C, Python, and/or Matlab) as well as experience in algorithm development. You are familiar with Big Data and/or Cloud-based systems. Additionally, you have gained international experience through at least a 3-month stay abroad and have relevant industry internships. You possess excellent English language skills and proficiency in German.
What we offer
Work-life balance
: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport
: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare
: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts
: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity
: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services
: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Company info
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The
Robert Bosch GmbH
is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Gerlingen-Schillerhöhe
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése