Cég neve
sentronics metrology GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY
C
SQL
HARDWARE
ENTITY FRAMEWORK
C++
Elvárások
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY
C
SQL
HARDWARE
ENTITY
FRAMEWORK
C++
Német
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Designing and maintaining the overall software architecture for our metrology systems
Collaborating with Software Engineering, Hardware, and Product Management to align architecture with technical and business requirements
Guiding development teams in implementing modular, testable, and maintainable solutions
Evaluating and integrating new technologies to enhance system performance and reliability
Requirements
Strong academic background with a Bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, Physics, or a related technical field
Proven experience as a Software Architect or Senior Developer in complex system environments with interfaces to hardware
Deep understanding of clean, scalable, and maintainable coding standards across long-lifecycle software projects
Experience with C# .NET (ideally .NET 8), Entity Framework Core, Microsoft SQL Server; C++ knowledge is beneficial
Experience in real-time systems, hardware integration, or optical sensor data processing is a strong advantage
Excellent communication and presentation skills in German and English
What we offer
Financial Wellbeing:
Receive a tax- and duty-free cash bonus of €100 per month to use flexibly through our discounts platform and with premium suppliers. Birthday gifts and other non-cash allowance bonuses are also included.
Overall Wellbeing:
Enjoy a free, generous breakfast with fresh fruit, a subsidized lunch, as well as free coffee, tea, and water. Take part in team events, company events, and volunteering activities.
Flexibility & Time Off:
Benefit from a hybrid work environment with flexible hours, remote work options, and flextime. You can also work up to 20 days per year from any country in Europe.
Job Security:
Work for a globally leading provider in the semiconductor industry that is continuously growing and focused on long-term success.
Transportation & Mobility:
Receive a job ticket worth up to €34 per month and have the option to use a company bicycle.
Professional Development:
Continuously develop your skills with individual training programs and our tailored learning platform
Company info
Nova (NASDAQ: NVMI)
is a global company and a leading provider of innovative metrology and process control solutions for semiconductor manufacturing.
With approximately 1,400 employees, three R&D centers and 31 sites worldwide, we provide valuable insights into the world's most advanced industry. We leverage a variety of technological fields, including physics, optics, chemistry, and algorithms, to develop hardware and software solutions that measure nearly every advanced computer chip built in the world.
Nova dives deep into the atomic level, extracting unique insights using dimensional, materials and chemical metrology, providing our customers with crucial decision-making data, and addressing critical challenges by offering differentiated solutions.
Our outstanding, people-focused, and innovative culture means that every individual at Nova has the opportunity to make a significant impact and redefine the boundaries of what can be achieved through technology.
Sentronics Metrology GmbH (a Nova Company)
, recently acquired by Nova, is a leading metrology company specializing in high-precision measurement solutions for semiconductor manufacturing. Based in Mannheim, Sentronics brings over 25 years of expertise in developing cutting-edge metrology systems.
The company's integration into Nova is already underway, and it is now an integral part of the Nova family, sharing the same values of innovation, quality, and customer satisfaction. The combination of Nova's global reach and Sentronics' advanced technology and specialized knowledge creates a unique platform for growth and innovation. As part of Nova, Sentronics will fully benefit from the exciting opportunities in the rapidly evolving semiconductor industry.
As
Software Architect (m/f/d)
at Sentronics Metrology (a Nova Company) in Mannheim, you will play a key role in defining and driving the software architecture of our advanced semiconductor metrology systems. Your mission is to ensure scalability, maintainability, and performance across our entire software platform.
You will collaborate closely with Software Engineering, Hardware, and Product Management teams to align the architecture with both technical and business needs. As part of our R&D organization, you will help shape our technology roadmap and enable strong, sustainable product evolution.
Join us if you are a dreamer and brilliant high aimer who sees the impossible as the starting point and loves working in a multidisciplinary global team to create innovative breakthroughs.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése