Cég neve
meinestadt.de
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Testing and monitoring e-commerce payments, ensuring accuracy and compliance with established policies and procedures.
Handling incoming tickets related to online payments, customer payouts & fraud prevention.
Creating and managing IT development tickets for payment-related issues.
Supporting and advising management in all matters related to payment methods.
Assisting in the maintenance and optimization of in-house online payment systems.
Investigating and resolving any payment-related issues in collaboration with internal teams and external partners.
Liaising with IT development teams to improve and implement payment features, ensuring user stories are well defined for e-commerce checkout flows as well as for internal payment systems.
Producing technical documentation and providing guidance to internal stakeholders regarding payment processes.
Requirements
Degree in Technical Informatics, Business Informatics, or a comparable qualification.
Initial professional experience in international payments, ideally with a strong focus on e-commerce.
Experience with JIRA, Confluence, and SQL is a strong advantage.
Familiarity with payment providers, acquirers, and fraud prevention tools commonly used in e-commerce and online payments.
Ability to prioritize and manage tasks in a dynamic environment with strong customer focus.
Quick adaptability to new systems and payment solutions.
Strong hands-on mentality, solution orientation, and drive for excellence.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with business, IT, and external partners.
Fluency in written and spoken English is mandatory to communicate with international colleagues and customers.
Company info
Arbeitgeber: PM-International AG''
Einsatzort:
67346 Speyer
PM-International AG is a European family-owned company with 33 years of market success in the distribution of high-quality products for health, fitness and beauty. With our self-developed FitLine® brand nutritional supplements and cosmetics, we consciously focus on the premium segment and innovative product concepts.
As a continuously expanding international group of companies, we are represented in more than 40 countries around the globe with our own branches and have received numerous awards for our solidity, financial strength, employee management and innovative character. At the same time, the PM-International Group is the supplier to many major sports associations.
To strengthen our IT-team at the Speyer location, we are now looking for a full-time employee as a
Payment Operations Specialist (m/w/d)
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Business
Supporting Centres
IT
Support
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése