Cég neve
Travelcircus GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
IOS
ANDROID
TESTING
CLEAN CODE
KOTLIN
SWIFT
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
IOS
ANDROID
TESTING
CLEAN
CODE
KOTLIN
SWIFT
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Do you love traveling and extraordinary hotels and are you ready for a new challenge? Would you like to be part of an ambitious team in a fast-growing and internationally active company that offers you attractive benefits and excellent development opportunities? Then you've come to the right place!
Start your career with us as:
Android/iOS Mobile Engineer (m/f/x)
from February 2026 on
Your responsibilities
Travelcircus is seeking an
Android/iOS Mobile Engineer
(m/f/x)
to join the development team. We're looking for someone who is passionate about building high-quality, user-friendly mobile applications for Android and iOS. You'll be an integral part of the engineering team and will collaborate closely with colleagues across the company to deliver the best possible experience to our customers. Ideal candidates will have experience with Kotlin, Swift, and modern mobile development frameworks, and a keen interest in Kotlin Multiplatform (KMP).
Things you will work on
You will continuously develop and improve our booking app for Android and iOS.
Working with Kotlin Multiplatform (KMP) and other modern frameworks will be part of your daily routine.
You will work closely with other teams to find the best solutions.
You will actively participate in quality assurance, testing, and performance optimization.
You will have the opportunity to contribute and develop your technical and professional skills.
Requirements
FLEXIBLE WORKING HOURS
thanks to part-time and flexitime models as well as 2 days remote work a week
ATTRACTIVE WORK ENVIRONMENT
in a stylish loft office with start-up flair, cooking together, fun & cohesion in a varied working environment and regular team events
TRANSPARENT COMMUNICATION
thanks to flat hierarchies, fixed feedback cycles and weekly company and team meetings
OPTIMAL CAREER OPPORTUNITIES
thanks to a comprehensive onboarding program and individual induction, continuous on-the-job training, optimal promotion and further development opportunities
ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION & DISCOUNT
on the BVG company ticket (local public transport) and discounts with over 800 other providers
PERSONAL TRAVEL BUDGET
of €1080 per year to spend freely on our entire product portfolio
WORK LIFE BALANCE
with 28 vacation days, increasing per year of service, with up to 35 days of vacation entitlement as well as company health management and a pension plan
Your profile
You have at least two years or more of experience in mobile app development (Android and/or iOS).
A university degree in computer science or a comparable field rounds off your profile.
You have solid knowledge of Kotlin, ideally supplemented by Swift.
Interest in or initial experience with Kotlin Multiplatform (KMP) sets you apart.
You understand modern software architectures and design principles.
You recognize potential UI/UX problems early on.
Clean code, maintainability, and good teamwork are very important to you.
You have very good German and/or English skills (C1 level).
Company info
Travelcircus, the online booking platform for event travel experiences, was founded by Bastian Böckenhüser in Berlin in 2014. By combining internationally popular events (e.g. theme parks, musicals, exhibitions or concerts) with quality-tested premium hotels, Travelcircus puts together unique packages at attractive prices for its customers. Over 1 million travellers have trusted us since the company was founded.
Since the beginning of 2022, Travelcircus has entered other European markets in addition to the DACH markets. Dutch, Belgian, French, Italian, Spanish, Danish and British travellers can now also book the unique packages. Through the Travelking brand acquired in September 2022, Travelcircus is also represented in the Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia. True to the motto ‘by travellers for travellers', the Travelcircus team shares a common vision of presenting the hottest events and most sought-after weekend destinations to travel enthusiasts online at the best value for money.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése