Cég neve
Aroundhome
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ACCESS
ANALYTICS
API
C
LEAN
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ACCESS
ANALYTICS
API
C
LEAN
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
We are looking for an experienced, passionate, and hands-on Senior Product Manager to join our product team and help drive success within our partner platform.
Aroundhome is a two-sided marketplace platform where shared success begins with the match: the moment a homeowner is connected with the right partner. Our growth is tied directly to the growth and success of our partners. Their success on our platform relies on our ability to consistently generate new business opportunities and strengthen their performance through our solutions. Our partners range from small local providers to large regional networks, therefore, we are building a scalable yet adaptable platform that can support different partner segments.
At Aroundhome, Product Managers play a pivotal role in shaping the success of Germany's leading housing project platform. We work in a domain-based model, where each product team owns a clearly defined part of the platform. This structure fosters close collaboration within cross-functional teams and ensures that the expertise needed for continuous product discovery, hypothesis development, and iterative improvement sits directly within each domain.
As a Senior Product Manager, you play a critical role in driving and executing the strategy, setting a clear direction, and ensuring that your domain delivers meaningful value to both customer groups - homeowners and partners - as well as to the business.
You continuously shape domain strategy and vision, setting clear measurable goals and roadmap for the partner platform and partner-facing services to drive partner growth, satisfaction and retention, and you rally those around you toward this vision.
You drive domain growth through continuous end-to-end product discovery, using qualitative insights (interviews, usability tests, feedback, NPS) and quantitative data (tracking, analytics) to identify opportunities and make data-informed, outcome-driven decisions with measurable impact.
You communicate with clarity and purpose, translate complex topics into compelling narratives, and foster strong collaboration across Product, Tech, Product Analytics, UX, Sales, and cross-domain stakeholders to enable decision-making and inspire action to develop impactful solutions that drive business outcomes.
You ensure a strong balance between long-term strategic goals and short-term trade-offs, driving continuous (lean) delivery through effective backlog management and close collaboration with Engineering and Design to consistently deliver high-quality, incremental value.
Requirements
You have hands-on experience optimising and scaling digital offerings for partners, including the development of partner hub/platform and partner-facing services across partner segments.
You apply strong analytical thinking and product analytics skills to define success measures, interpret data, uncover insights, and guide evidence-based decisions that improve partner and business outcomes.
You have a strong technical affinity to understand the requirements of API integrations for lead delivery and management.
You bring hands-on experience with AI tools for efficiency and productivity gains (e.g., for research, prototyping, technical discovery and enhanced collaboration).
You bring order into chaos by bringing together diverse perspectives, challenges, and priorities to establish a shared understanding and strong alignment across teams and stakeholders.
You think entrepreneurially and achieve your goals with a high degree of responsibility and ownership.
You follow the latest trends in product management and technology, are an absolute team player and your excellent communication skills in English and German as well as a good sense of humour characterise you.
What we offer
Hybrid Work // Stay flexible
: Decide freely, whether you want to work from our office in Berlin or from your home throughout Germany. Additionally, we offer you the possibility to work up to 30 days per year from selected EU countries.
Room to grow // Stay curious:
In regular/annual feedback meetings, you design your own personal development path together with your team lead. In addition, we offer an annual training budget, free access to LinkedIn Learning as well as great workshops to seek new input and specific training for your personal development.
Mental & physical health // Stay healthy & active:
We care about your well-being and support your health with a discounted membership at Urban Sports Club. In addition, our cooperation partner “Fürstenberg Institute” is available to you and your family members with advice and support when it comes to mental health & coaching.
Taking responsibility // We #care:
We care for our planet and the people who are living on it. To make our world a little bit better, our ESG Team (Environmental, Social & Governance) promotes our awareness of environmentally friendly behavior. In addition, we work with JobRad, offer a discounted BVG ticket, and actively support social projects in Berlin at our annual Social Day to give something back.
Teamspirit // Stay connected:
What drives us is our sense of community. That's why we celebrate our Company Day once a month in our office at Potsdamer Platz, where everyone gets together in person. In addition to a comprehensive update of our C-Board, the main focus is on togetherness and the exchange of ideas over lunch and dinner together.
Transparency // We want to be transparent - also when it comes to salary:
If you have any questions about a possible salary range for this position, feel free to send us an email at
Company info
Aroundhome is a recommendation platform for houseowners.
With a comprehensive range of information and services relating to their own home and a team of 250 employees, Aroundhome supports houseowners who live in their own property in carrying out major investment projects relating to their own home - from selling and investing to maintaining and repairing their property.
Our mission: Your property is more than just a house. It is a home and a life project. Every change brings insecurities. Because every decision can be a wrong one - and expensive. We make it possible to make better decisions with good recommendations and to realize all large projects around the own home more stress-free. With orientation, individual advice and the mediation of suitable partners for all-round successful projects.
Aroundhome - Because it's their home.
Together with you, we want Aroundhome to develop into the one recommendation platform for houseowners and are looking forward to welcoming you to our team.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése