Cég neve
HDI Global
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Nézze meg a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét!
Ft/hó
Megnézem
Ön felfedte a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét
N.
e Ft/hó
Részletek
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Business Analysis: Analyze business requirements along the full value chain of a globally operating industrial insurer to support our international digitalization strategy
Solution Design: Design and maintain solutions for the development and enhancement of a modern and future-oriented software and system landscape
Product Development: Support the Product Owner in developing and communicating the product vision and roadmap
Market Analysis: Conduct market and competitive analyses to identify trends and best practices
End-to-end Responsibility: Ensure value orientation, usability, functionality and quality of requirements throughout the entire lifecycle
Quality Assurance: Define acceptance criteria and ensure the quality of requirements
Outcome Focus: Outcome-oriented work with a focus on measurable business value
Requirements
Education: Completed studies in economics, business informatics, business administration, insurance management, or a comparable field
Professional Experience: Extensive professional experience as a Business Analyst, Requirements Engineer, Systems Analyst or Consultant
Business Expertise: Experience and knowledge in the value chain of insurance or a related field (sales, underwriting, policy management, claims handling, platform systems, international insurance programmes)
Analytical Skills: Quick comprehension, analytical thinking, and proven skills in problem decomposition and solving
End-to-end Mindset: Ability to think out of the box and keep an eye on dependencies and interfaces in a highly connected environment
Strategic Thinking: Strategic thinking and ability to drive business initiatives and contribute to the overall strategy
Language Skills: Very good written and spoken English skills (at least C1 level)
Strong experience in either input management, partner system management or DMS / ECS
We know that nobody is perfect and not all career paths are straightforward. Apply now – even if you don't meet all requirements!
What we offer
Flexible working hours
Flextime arrangements and flexible working time models allow for a perfect work-life balance – however it suits you.
Health management
Stay healthy with us – thanks to preventive measures, a wide variety of sports and various partnerships.
Mobile working
Whether from home or on the road – our remote working model (up to 60% mobile) offers you more freedom and independence.
Further training
We satisfy your thirst for knowledge – for example with further training, subject-specific seminars or work and study programs.
Company info
Take off with HDI Global!
As one of the world's leading industrial insurers for more than 120 years, we have mastered challenges through our expertise, our pioneering spirit and a sense of community, qualities that position us well for the future. We offer you the opportunity to break new ground and develop together.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Bank,
Insurance, Brokering
Bank,
Insurance Agent
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése