Cég neve
Dr. Oetker Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
•
Opcionális iroda
Nézze meg a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét!
Ft/hó
Megnézem
Ön felfedte a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét
N.
e Ft/hó
Részletek
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Cafeteria
Szakmai tréningek
Nyelvtanulás támogatása
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Általános munkarend
Biztosított eszközök
Laptop
Workstation
Monitor (2 db)
Windows
Headset
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
3-5 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Cafeteria
Szakmai
tréningek
Nyelvtanulás
támogatása
Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Általános
munkarend
Laptop
Workstation
Monitor
(2 db)
Windows
Headset
Angol
felsőfok
3-5
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
About us
We are Dr. Oetker. Since our beginnings, we have been breaking new ground. With pizza, cake, and desserts at the core of our business, as well as digital platforms and services – we create the "Taste of Home" for millions around the world with you.
Team ISM provides a strong support base for Dr. Oetker’s digital transformation and IT excellence. Its mission is to ensure reliable, predictable, effective, and efficient IT operations that enable new products and improved customer engagement.
Are you ready for a new challenge? Then take your next step.
Your responsibilities
You will design, manage and operate ServiceNow solutions that power ISM’s user‑centric services, partnering with business stakeholders to co‑create workflows and knowledge that enable first‑time support, efficient escalations, and transparent service delivery.
You take the lead in platform design and delivery across ITSM/ITOM/CSDM, own integrations and security controls, plan upgrades/patches, and coordinate with our delivery partner under Platform Owner governance.
Facilitate discovery workshops, translate requirements, prepare change communications/training, and communicate technical trade‑offs clearly to non‑technical stakeholders.
What you bring
Deep ServiceNow expertise
across ITSM, ITAM, ITOM, and CSDM, including hands-on experience with Flow Designer, IntegrationHub, scripting (JavaScript), ACLs, and performance tuning.
Integration know-how
for connecting ServiceNow with core enterprise systems and APIs.
Platform operations skills:
upgrades, patching, automated testing (ATF), and release governance.
Certifications
such as ServiceNow CSA and CIS (ITSM/ITOM); HAM/SAM knowledge is a plus.
Analytical mindset
with the ability to design scalable solutions and ensure data quality in CMDB/CSDM.
Strong communication and facilitation skills
to run workshops, translate technical concepts for non-technical stakeholders, and prepare clear change/training materials.
Collaborative approach
to work with business units, vendors, and internal teams under governance frameworks.
Service-oriented attitude
with empathy for end users and a focus on first-time resolution and knowledge sharing.
Understanding ITIL methodology / framework
to implement processes and workflows into ServiceNow. ITIL certification in v3 or v4 is a plus.
What we offer
Full remote work | Cafeteria | Onboarding for new employees | Further education opportunities (needs-oriented training, target group-specific development programs, language training, individual coaching) | Attractive remuneration with non-tariff benefits | Referral bonus | Mobile work | Family-run company | Events and celebrations (e.g. company celebration, anniversary celebrations, Christmas party, Fitness Challenge) | Cosy working environment | Different kind of cakes baked by the colleagues from time to time
Workplace extras
Shower
Corporate events
Bicycle storage
Free coffee, soft drinks
How to apply
Are you intrigued? Perfect. Then we look forward to your online application. Just click on the "Apply now" button, and you're good to go.
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
Network
and System Engineer
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése