Cég neve
Tech People Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, IX. kerület
Nézze meg a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét!
Ft/hó
Megnézem
Ön felfedte a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét
N.
e Ft/hó
Részletek
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Vállalkozói
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
Agile
Kanban
SCRUM
ScrumBan
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Vállalkozói
Általános
munkarend
Agile
Kanban
SCRUM
ScrumBan
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Development of agile teams to ensure proper implementation of Agile/Scrum
Principles and the adoption of Scrum values
Guides, trains and coaches the team/s to work in an Agile way
Causing the removal of impediments to the Agile Team’s progress. Protects the teams from outside interruptions and obstacles
Maintains the use of metrics and other objective measures across teams
Conducts contemporary Assessments of the Agile implementation and utilization across the organization
Guides and coaches the Product owner in various techniques for effective
product goal definition, product backlog management and planning via different technics
Together with the Product Owner, Solution Architect and IT Delivery lead ensures transparency and involvement of all relevant parties in order to reach team’s goals
Leading, training, and coaching the organization in its Agile/Scrum adoption
Enables organizational effectiveness – works with Product owners, Delivery leads and other stakeholders on creating and maintaining an Agile Community
Requirements
Has 2–5 years of experience working as a Scrum Master in Agile environments, often across multiple teams or organizations
Good knowledge of other processes and methodologies (e.g. Kanban, ScrumBan, Lean, SAFe®, Project Management, etc.)
Experienced in dealing with difficult situations and resolving conflicts and problems
Persistence and a strong orientation towards achieving goals
Good organizational and time management skills, often optimizing team workflows
Good mentoring, leadership and relationship management skills
Good communication, presentation and negotiation skills
Good skills to work under pressure and in a short time
Good analytical and problem-solving skills
Good command in English - written and spoken
Deep and practical knowledge of multiple methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, SAFe®, Lean, etc.)
Persistence and a strong orientation towards achieving goals
Acts as a mentor and coach to other Scrum Masters, Product Owners, and Agile Teams
Thrives under pressure, even in high-stakes or crisis situations
What we offer
Project, hybrid work
Company info
Tech People is a European provider of technical skills permanent recruitment and temporary contracting services for multiple industries.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Project
Management
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése