Cég neve
Dr. Oetker Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
•
Opcionális iroda
Nézze meg a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét!
Ft/hó
Megnézem
Ön felfedte a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét
N.
e Ft/hó
Részletek
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Cafeteria
Szakmai tréningek
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
ABAP
Biztosított eszközök
Laptop
Monitor (2 db)
Windows
Headset
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Cafeteria
Szakmai
tréningek
Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Általános
munkarend
SAP
ABAP
Laptop
Monitor
(2 db)
Windows
Headset
Angol
felsőfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
About us
Since our beginnings at Dr. Oetker, we have been breaking new ground. With pizza, cake, and desserts, as well as digital platforms and services – quality and an innovative spirit set us apart.
What awaits you? It's up to you! At. Dr. Oetker, you can actively shape the future – both yours and ours. We want to be part of something bigger. Don't you?
JOIN THE TASTE.
Your responsibilities
You can expect challenging activities in the field of warehouse logistics (including material flow control)
You will work on international warehouse projects for our worldwide locations in coordination with your colleagues
As part of a team, you will be responsible for the design and implementation of solutions within the scope of small and medium-sized SAP Warehouse Management projects
Your tasks include the analysis of customer requirements as well as the selection and coordination of external consultants.
Furthermore, you will implement mobile solutions in warehouse logistics
You will also provide second level support for the SAP modules EWM and Stock Room Management as well as for mobile solutions.
What you bring
You have a degree in business informatics or sciences with IT-related further education and bring several years of project experience in the intralogistics environment, especially in the connection of manual warehouse solutions.
You have very good knowledge of SAP S/4HANA EWM and SAP WM
Knowledge of SAP S/4HANA Stock Room Management and SAP Material Flow Control (SAP S/4HANA MFS) is an advantage.
Furthermore, you have very good knowledge in the programming language ABAP/4, in object-oriented programming ABAP OO.
In addition, you have in-depth experience in the implementation of mobile warehouse solutions, preferably Mobisys Solution Builder (MSB).
Knowledge in the implementation of SAP Fiori and connections of Odata Services in the EWM S/4HANA environment would be excellent alternatives.
You have very good English language skills, a strong intercultural competence and very good communication skills
In addition, you can work both in a team and independently in a solution-oriented manner
We expect you to be willing to travel internationally and to work on-call hours.
LOCATION
Dr. Oetker Kft. – Budapest or Jánossomorja – Both of our sites are possible for work.
What we offer
Full remote work | Cafeteria | Onboarding for new employees | Further education opportunities (needs-oriented training, target group-specific development programs, language training, individual coaching) | Attractive remuneration with non-tariff benefits | Referral bonus | Mobile work | Family-run company | Events and celebrations (e.g. company celebration, anniversary celebrations, Christmas party, Fitness Challenge) | Cosy working environment | Different kind of cakes baked by the colleagues from time to time
Dr. Oetker is an equal opportunities employer. We continuously work to shape and live a corporate culture where everyone feels welcome. At Dr. Oetker, your personality and qualifications are what count. Not gender, nationality, ethnic or social background, religion, disability, age or sexual orientation, and identity.
Workplace extras
Shower
Corporate events
Bicycle storage
Free coffee, soft drinks
How to apply
Are you intrigued? Perfect. Then we look forward to your online application. Just click on the "Apply now" button, and you're good to go.
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
Corporate
Management System, SAP
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése