Cég neve
IPACKCHEM Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY
BACKUP.
VPN
NETWORK
CLOUD
TROUBLESHOOTING
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY
BACKUP.
VPN
NETWORK
CLOUD
TROUBLESHOOTING
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Respond to computer security incidents according to the incident response policy and other policies and procedures; triage and assess the risk of incidents, performing real-time analysis and managing workload during investigations/incidents.
Serve as an escalation contact for incidents reported by managed detection and response service or internal teams.
Engage other company resources as needed to resolve incidents; provide technical guidance to other responders in handling information security incidents.
Provide timely and relevant updates to appropriate stakeholders and decision makers.
Validate and maintain incident response plans and processes to address potential threats.
Compile and analyze data for management reporting and metrics.
Monitor relevant threat intelligence and other information sources to stay up to date on current attacks and trends and potential defensive measures; analyze potential impact of new threats and communicates risks to leadership and other teams.
Perform root-cause analysis to document findings, and participate in root-cause elimination activities as required; communicate findings to relevant teams to help improve information security posture.
Participate in incident review meetings with organization leadership.
Ensure appropriate coverage of monitoring solutions by performing updates, adding new data sources, adjusting logging levels, and recommending necessary changes for key detection solutions.
Create playbooks for frequently occurring incidents to assist with rapid recovery or automation of response actions.
Recommend activation of incident response plan if needed; may serve as an incident commander or as a backup.
Maintain, manage, and monitor compliance with security control frameworks such as NIST, PCI and other state, federal, and international laws.
Monitor the capabilities and performance of security solutions and partner with suppliers to correct issues promptly.
Resolve problem tickets promptly with closed-loop engagement with internal or external customers.
Identify opportunities to engage global resources in security response and maintenance; train new team members or project assignees as appropriate.
Participate in the design, development, and delivery of security training and awareness programs, including phishing simulations, awareness articles, and training classes.
Other duties as assigned.
Requirements
Bachelor’s Degree in the field of computer science, information systems, or information security and previous security response experience, or;
Associate degree in the field of computer science, information systems, or information security and 3 years' equivalent work experience, or;
Combined 5 years of equivalent education and experience.
Strong knowledge of information security standards, data privacy regulations, cybercrime laws, and governance frameworks.
Understanding of enterprise security technologies (VPN, encryption, firewalls, IDS/IPS, endpoint security, MDR) and network infrastructure (switches, routers, routing).
Working knowledge of cloud security, Microsoft server environments, virtual systems, and enterprise applications.
Experience conducting risk assessments, vulnerability identification, remediation, and supporting security audits.
Ability to analyze threats, make sound technical decisions, and adapt to evolving environments.
Strong analytical, troubleshooting, and organizational skills with attention to detail.
Excellent communication skills and ability to collaborate effectively across teams while handling sensitive information with discretion.
What we offer
Competitive salary
Excellent benefits
Opportunity for growth
Company info
Greif is a global leader in performance packaging located in 40 countries. The company delivers trusted, innovative, and tailored solutions that support some of the world's most in demand and fastest-growing industries.
With a commitment to legendary customer service, operational excellence, and global sustainability, Greif packages life's essentials - and creates lasting value for its colleagues, customers, and other stakeholders.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Security
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése