Cég neve
Richter Färberei- und Ausrüstungs GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
DYNAMICS
TROUBLESHOOTING
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
DYNAMICS
TROUBLESHOOTING
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
You will manage and maintain the Dynamics 365 Supply Chain Management system, ensuring that it is running smoothly and efficiently
You will support, develop, implement and maintain processes and procedures together with end users/departments to ensure the system is being used effectively
You will train end-users on the system and provide ongoing support
You will work with our international IT partners to solve problems and continuously improve our system
You will support our Dynamics Rollout Projects
Requirements
You have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business Administration, Business Informatics or related field
You have 3+ years of experience in Dynamics 365 Supply Chain (former F&O)
You have strong knowledge of Dynamics 365 Supply Chain modules, especially advanced warehouse management, procurement, planning and production
You have experience with system support activities, including requirement gathering, troubleshooting, configuration, customization, and integration
You have experience in a production environment
You have excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail
You have strong communication and interpersonal skills
What we offer
Betriebliche Altersvorsorge
Fahrradleasing
Kostenlose Getränke
Kostenlose Parkplätze
wöchentlicher Obstkorb
Vermögenswirksame Leistungen
Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten
Zuschuss zu Betreuungskosten für Kinder
Unbefristeter Arbeitsvertrag
Givve Card
Company info
The company is part of a leading German family-owned group that enjoys an excellent reputation as a world-leading and innovative supplier, developing and manufacturing high-quality yarns, textile products and technical nonwovens for numerous industries and applications such as luxury clothing,consumer goods and automotive.
The company specialized in the finishing of textiles for over 100 years and is able to fulfill the customers' requirements at the highest quality level. Through continuous investment in research and because of its state-of-the-art production facilities, the enterprise has been continuously developing as an important part of the value chain and is now the most modern and technologically leading company of its kind in Europe.
The highest precision, a strong focus on sustainability, customer orientation, outstanding technology, absolute product quality, close partnerships with suppliers and an open, appreciative corporate and management culture are the defining components of the success of this family-owned company.
Our dyeing facility in Stadtallendorf, Richter Färberei & Ausrüstung, or Rifa for short, is a medium-sized and innovative business with a long tradition. For 150 years now, everything here has been revolving around wool. The focus is on dyeing and finishing wool, silk and other fibers. Even if our customer has a special color idea, be it in the form of a piece of fabric, thread or paper, we enjoy to transfer it into fibers. From dark to light, pastel to bright shade, everything is possible by us.
In a positive, collegial and creative working environment, the valuable materials are processed and refined by around 100 employees. The strong team spirit, the flat hierarchies and the opportunity to constantly develop professionally and personally makes Rifa special.
We are looking for a Dynamics 365 Inhouse Consultant (m/w/d) to strengthen our Rifa team.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése