Cég neve
AirPlus International GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Neu-Isenburg bei Frankfurt am Main
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SPRING
MONGODB
JAVA
TESTING
SCRUM
AGILE
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SPRING
MONGODB
JAVA
TESTING
SCRUM
AGILE
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Developing, testing and maintaining web applications in an agile team
Participation and contribution in the regular Scrum meetings
Refinement, estimation and implementation of functional and non-functional requirements
Analysing and fixing of technical problems (bugs) in the production environment
Third-Level Support
Cross-team collaboration
Contribution to the "Community of Practice (CoP) Java"
Requirements
Completed degree in computer science or comparable qualification
At least two years of hands-on experience in the area of software development, specifically with Java
Good knowledge of Spring Boot
Conceptual and analytical skills as well as quick comprehension and a goal-orientated way of working
Practical experience with agile methodologies such as Scrum and SAFe
Fluent in English and German
Experience with service busses / streaming platforms (particularly Kafka) is a plus
Knowledge of MongoDB is a plus
Classification in the AirPlus organizational model (Cube): This role is classified in the basic profile Professional Developer (Job family: IT/ Orientation: Executing/ Impact Level: Signifikant).
What we offer
discounts
events
wellness
gym
canteen
health benefits
shower
snacks & drinks
jobticket
mobile working
Company info
Do you want to be part of an agile environment, building a modern IT landscape in the cloud? Do terms like 'microservice', 'SpringBoot', 'Kafka' and 'Azure' trigger excitement? Then come and join our team of highly skilled developers and shape the future of corporate payment solutions.
AirPlus International
We believe that businesses should be able to focus on what matters to them. Payment can be a hassle and a distraction – we've been making it smart and simple for over 30 years, and help 53,000 companies around the world save time and money with solutions smart enough to stand the test of time and deliver real, sustainable value – every day.
Simple only works if it's smart, and that goes for worklife too. At AirPlus, we do it right to let you shine.
We think about your future…
because staying curious and making bold moves in your area of expertise takes someone
having your back.
We feel dynamic…
because our international flair, experienced leadership, and commitment to adaptability let us
go the extra mile for our customers and each other.
We act in collaboration…
because engaged teams and trustful, human relationships mean doing whatever it takes to make it happen as a team.
Visit us at airplus.com to learn more about a future in corporate payment.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése