Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
@SAP.
C
MACHINE LEARNING
Elvárások
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
@SAP.
C
MACHINE
LEARNING
Német
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What you'll build
We are looking for a Principal AI Architect (f/m/d) to join our AI Strategy & Advisory team and drive SAP Business AI at our customers. You will act as the go-to technical advisor (f/m/d) for AI at our customers -driving strategic AI initiatives & translating ideas into production-ready solutions that deliver measurable business value at scale.
As an AI Architect (f/m/d) - you play a central role in bringing one of the most important technology of our time - Artificial Intelligence - into action at customers and hence for SAP's strategy.
Take overall responsibility for the customers SAP Business AI journey:
Establish yourself as the Go-to-person at customers for all AI related topics.
Lead the design and delivery of SAP Business AI architectures aligned with customer business strategy.
Translate strategic AI initiatives into technical reality
Support our customers in discovering the best ways to apply AI to create real value
Creating specific AI roadmaps, conducting ideation workshops, AI hackathons and lead architecture discussions
Architect AI-powered systems that automate manual processes and optimize engineering workflows
Design and implement AI automation solutions that enhance delivery workflows and improve developer productivity across the organization
Provide technical leadership and guidance on Artificial Intelligence – Machine Learning, Generative AI, Agentic AI
Stay up-to-date with the latest AI technology developments and advise on potential benefits to the business
AI is a teamsport - work closely with cross-functional teams (e.g. AI product management, go-to market teams, consulting) to leverage the full potential
Actively drive knowledge sharing and team enablement - supporting the broader organization's AI adoption in our region
Where you belong
You will join our AI Strategy & Advisory Team, which is combining AI technology expertise with business understanding. We act as the central point of contact for all AI topics at our lighthouse customers and guide them on how to achieve value at scale.
We are the trusted partner for our customers in their AI strategy transformation, helping businesses maximize value and innovation mission.
In your role you will advise our customers alongside their complete AI journey - from AI strategy until the implementation of AI at scale - creating an AI center of excellence.
Advising customers from a technical perspective on how SAP Business AI can be leveraged and integrated into their existing AI landscape. The role focusses on bridging the gap between business needs, customer business strategy and technical capabilities.
The AI Strategy & Advisory team is at the forefront of AI-adoption of our customers, turning AI potential opportunities into value at scale.
Join our team as the central AI partner (f/m/d), guiding the full AI journey from strategy and ideation to enterprise-scale implementation.
Requirements
Bachelor's or master's degree in Artificial Intelligence, Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field
Several years of experience in an AI focused role
Strong knowledge of Artificial Intelligence & IT architectures - Agentic AI & Generative AI
Passion for AI and digital transformation, with a strong desire to learn and grow in how these technologies drive business success.
Demonstrated ability to automate complex workflows using AI agents, with understanding of agentic patterns
Strong experience with SAP and understanding of its architecture
(e.g. SAP Business AI, SAP Business Technology Platform, GenAI Hub)
Ability to work in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment
Strong Business acumen & C-level communication skills
Excellent communicating skills in both German and English
Strong problem-solving mindset with ability to identify high-impact automation opportunities and translate them into working solutions
Nice-to-haves
Experience building AI Centers of Excellence and running AI programs.
Prior customer-facing advisory or consulting experience
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
All SAP locations in Germany as for example Walldorf (close to Mannheim/Heidelberg), Hamburg, Berlin, Ratingen (close to Düsseldorf), Eschborn (close to Frankfurt), Gerlingen (close to Stuttgart), Hallbergmoos (close to München) are possible.
#LI-AJ
We win with
SAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 442307 | Work Area: Consulting and Professional Services | Expected Travel: 0 - 80% | Career Status: Berufserfahren | Employment Type: Vollzeit, unbefristet | Additional Locations: #LI-
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése