Cég neve
Secunet Security Networks AG
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
own and evolve the frontend architecture for an embedded system and beyond
design user-facing apps considering resource limits, security, and update constraints
actively contribute code and drive hands-on development, especially in early project phases
define clear interfaces and APIs with backend and system teams
build and grow the frontend engineering team through mentoring and onboarding
collaborate with central platform and engineering units by consuming and contributing shared building blocks
Requirements
several years of experience in frontend or user-facing application development
strong hands-on skills with modern frontend technologies and architectures
experience taking technical ownership and guiding architectural decisions
proven ability and willingness to build, mentor and develop engineers as part of the role
awareness of security, lifecycle and operational constraints in software development
Technologies we use:
Nix is the glue that keeps all our software together
NixOS is our OS of choice
Rust is the lingua franca of our development efforts
React is the preferred library for our web-based UI development
Figma for collaborative design work
GitLab is our software development platform
Bonus points:
experience with emerging technologies and DevSecOps platforms
familiarity with the German language, while not required, is an advantage
proven experience in organizational transformation or change management
What we offer
Company Culture:
We value open communication, innovation, and teamwork, fostering a collaborative environment with flat hierarchies.
Work-Life Balance:
Flexible working hours and remote work options support a balance between professional and personal life.
Career Growth:
We offer ample opportunities for professional development, including coaching, mentoring, and leadership pathways.
Tech Stack:
Work with cutting-edge technologies and help shape secunet's future by influencing the long-term technological vision.
Competitive Compensation:
We provide an attractive salary, bonus structures, and a range of benefits, including health and wellness programs.
If you are keen to work for a leading company of cyber security in a fair and trusting environment, you should immediately get in touch with us.
Company info
For our group-wide development department
SINA Evolution
in the
Public Authorities division
– the driver of secure cloud transformation – we are looking for your bright mind to join one of our locations in
Berlin, Bonn, Borchen, Dresden, Eschborn, Essen, Hamburg, Hanover, Ilmenau, Munich, Siegen
or
Stuttgart
as soon as possible.
We're looking for a Lead Frontend Engineer (m/f/d) to take technical ownership of the user-facing interaction layer of an embedded system operating in a security-critical environment.
In this role, you act as the primary technical decision-maker for frontend architecture while remaining deeply hands-on in development. You define the frontend strategy, shape the foundations for future growth and actively contribute to building an engineering team — including mentoring, onboarding and supporting additional frontend engineers as the team evolves.
SINA Evolution is secunet's innovation department for security-focused products in public authority & high security environments. The team is responsible for building the technical foundation for new product classes and long-term platform solutions.
We contribute directly to the development of sovereign, security-critical digital infrastructure. The systems we shape are used in high-security public-sector environments where control, trust, and long-term operability matter more than speed or hype.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Corporate
Leadership, Management
Head
of IT
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése