Cég neve
Freudenberg Technology Innovation SE & Co. KG
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Cafeteria
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
AZURE
SECURITY
DEVOPS
DATABASE
NOSQL
SQL
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Cafeteria
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
AZURE
SECURITY
DEVOPS
DATABASE
NOSQL
SQL
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Design and implementation of scalable data architectures
Building and maintaining Data Lakes and Data Warehouses
Designing/developing and optimizing data pipelines and data models for production, logistics, and supply chain data
Ensuring data quality and integrity across multiple systems
Integrating streaming and batch data for operational processes (production, logistics, supply chain)
Selecting and integrating modern technologies (cloud, data lake, streaming, ETL)
Collaborating with Data Engineers, analysts, and business stakeholders to deliver end-to-end data solutions
Establishing best practices for cloud data architectures and security
Communicating results and best practices to technical and non-technical stakeholders at various organizational levels
Requirements
University degree in Computer Science, Business Informatics, Data Science, or a comparable qualification
Several years of experience as a Data Architect or in a similar role
Strong knowledge of data modeling, data integration, and database technologies (SQL, NoSQL)
Experience with cloud platforms - particularly Azure - as well as cloud-native technologies, ETL processes, and big-data technologies (e.g., Databricks)
Understanding of operational processes (production, logistics, supply chain) and their data requirements
Knowledge of CI/CD, Infrastructure as Code (e.g., Terraform, ARM Templates), and experience with DevOps/MLOps is a plus
Strong analytical skills, solution-oriented mindset, excellent communication abilities, and a collaborative working style
What we offer
Cafeteria/ Canteen
We offer fresh food on-site, both hot and cold.
Company Pension
Save for retirement with the company's help.
Corporate Events
We celebrate success as a team, because only together can we achieve our goals.
Health Management
We support you to stay and become healthy and fit.
Public Transportation Allowance
Commute more affordable thanks to public transport allowance.
Company info
Working at Freudenberg: "We will wow your world!" This is our promise. As a global technology group, we not only make the world cleaner, healthier and more comfortable, but also offer our 52,000 employees a networked and diverse environment where everyone can thrive individually. Be surprised and experience your own wow moments. Together with our partners, customers and the world of science, we develop leading-edge technologies, and excellent products and services for about 40 markets and for thousands of applications: seals, vibration control components, batteries and fuel cells, technical textiles, filters, cleaning technologies and products, specialty chemicals and medical products.
You support our team as
Data Architect (m/f/d) – Focus on Operations
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése