Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
In the role as a Business Processes Senior Consultant (f/m/d) for SAP SuccessFactors, you will deliver high impact HCM services through the full customer lifecycle. You will work together with other SAP Consultants, being responsible for the execution of projects and engagements
Your role involves, but is not limited to, delivery of business and technology advisory services within customer engagements. As per the business needs, which might vary, you will conduct the following tasks:
Able to further develop yourself as a consultant working closely with management and SAP consultants on projects.
Support in the preparation, conception, realization and Go Live of customer implementation projects.
Plan, run and manage design workshops/meetings with customers
Lead and drive internal team(s)/meetings
Analyse business processes including root cause analysis and technical optimization
Able to work together with a group of consultants, including Near-Shore and Off-Shore consultants on projects
Organize yourself in a remote working style
Travel to customers and SAP meetings as would be requested, most of the work is delivered remotely
Requirements
What you bring
We are looking for a passionate and highly skilled technology and business enthusiast who has a minimum of 7+ years work experience within the Human Capital Management (HCM) domain and with experience implementing SAP SuccessFactors and, who want to further develop their skills as a consultant and a trusted advisor for one of the world's most valuable brands
If you are curious, capable of planning your own agenda and career, not afraid to implement the latest technology, get energized from making customers enthusiastic about solutions, like to work with global companies and willing to work hard in and with a team of passionate and experienced individuals, then this sounds like a job for you.
Required Skills:
Successful completion of bachelor's or master's degree.
Minimum of 7+ years of work experience within the SAP HCM domain.
You should hold an SAP SuccessFactors certification.
Proven project experience of implementing SAP SuccessFactors in a role of Senior Consultant.
Technology-oriented, possessing an aptitude for rapidly learning complex software applications.
Ability to drill down into technical issues and solve complex and detailed problems.
Ability to deliver clear, concise presentations and present complex information in a clear and precise manner.
Great communicator who can communicate effectively in an international environment, and is very organized, and quick at learning and understanding new technology skills with an aptitude and passion for working with people.
Good problem solver who is creative and an innovative thinker.
Excellent team player but also self-starter with strong interpersonal skills who is eager to always learn continuously, especially in learning and understanding new technology skills with an aptitude and passion for working with people.
Strong stakeholder management and influencing skills.
Full proficiency in English and German (written and verbal) is mandatory.
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
We win with
SAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 442234 | Work Area: Consulting and Professional Services | Expected Travel: 0 - 30% | Career Status: Berufserfahren | Employment Type: Vollzeit, unbefristet | Additional Locations: #LI-
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
Where you belong
ASC SuccessFactors HCM Services EMEA/MEE is part of the Customer Services & Delivery Board Area (CS&D). We are supporting our customers in their digital transformation and especially in their HR Transformation Journey. We sustain the adoption of SAP SuccessFactors software and ensure that our customers can successfully plan, implement, integrate, and operate their software, including continuous improvement, quality management, problem solving and knowledge transfer.
Bring out your
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
HR,
Human Relations
HR
Business Partner
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése