Cég neve
MOL Nyrt.
Munkavégzés helye
1117 Budapest, Dombóvári út 28.
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Elvárások
Angol középfok
3-5 év tapasztalat
Főiskola
'B' kat. jogosítvány

Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Angol
középfok
3-5
év tapasztalat
Főiskola
'B'
kat. jogosítvány

Állás leírása
Company info
MOL Group is an independent and international oil and gas company, headquartered in Budapest, Hungary. It is active in over 40 countries with a dynamic international workforce of 26,000 people and a track record of more than 100 years in the industry.
Would you like to be an important part of MOL Group?
Are you eager to work and pick up a wide range of different topics, processes and projects which involve continuous improvement? Are you keen to work closely with the Business Units and subsidiaries within Value Chain Management organization in order to boost B2B Customer Journey and Order-to-Cash processes? If yes, join the Group Order-to-Cash Process Development Team!
Currently we are looking for a
O2C PROCESS DEVELOPMENT EXPERT
SCOPE OF THE POSITION
Ensure systematic improvements of order-to-cash processes through proper analysis and continuous development of related customer journey process steps. Simplify, standardize, and digitize MOL Group DS Businesses’ and Subsidiaries’ order-to-cash related process steps with aim to deliver process efficiency, process control and best-in-class customer experience to achieve increased competitiveness and enable DS to achieve its targets set in in DS2025 Roadmap and MOL Group 2030 vision and strategy.
Tasks
Identifies development areas, gaps and efficiency improvement points to increase performance of existing processes.
Responsible for the overview, documentation and continuous improvement of different processes in Order-to-Cash.
Drives the elaboration of process performance metrics. Participates in regular performance measurements.
Participates in project work and ensures the project deliverables are considering the process perspective.
Delivers analytics, reports, and easy-to-understand visualizations (dashboards, presentations), generates meaningful business and customer insights, and formulates recommendations.
Requirements
Bachelor’s/University degree
Minimum 3-5 years of work experience in project management or process development, order-to-cash-process experience is an advantage
Active verbal and written communication and presentation skills in English
Good knowledge of MS Office/O365, ERP systems, process mining systems
Driving license
WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR
has consultancy, negotiation, influencing and presentation skills
has analytical, problem solving and time management skills
has cross cultural sensitivity
feels comfortable in a challenging environment
is willing to travel
Workplace extras
Céges étkező
Kávézó
Orvosi felügyelet
Zuhanyzási lehetőség
Céges rendezvények
Céges busz
Ingyen gyümölcs, nasi
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
programozás, Fejlesztés
IT
tanácsadó, Elemző, Auditor
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése