Cég neve
BELIMO Automation AG
Munkavégzés helye
Svájc
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
ABAP
CRM
CLOUD.
JAVA
ERP
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
ABAP
CRM
CLOUD.
JAVA
ERP
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Senior SAP Solution Architect Variant Configuration (%)At Belimo, we take pride in making our company a rewarding place to work. Our leaders are value-driven and encourage new ideas in their teams around the world. Through our passion, our employees are not only creating amazing products, they are revolutionizing the HVAC industry. Investing in our people is at the heart of Belimo's approach to engaging diverse creative talent to grow an industry-leading company. The success of our corporate brand is based on the expertise and commitment of each individual.Senior SAP Solution Architect Variant Configuration (%)SummaryAs Senior SAP Solution Architect, you will take end-to-end ownership of our Product Configuration Lifecycle Management (CLM) architecture and shape the future of our global SAP landscape. You will work closely with internal stakeholders, external partners, and international teams to design scalable, high-performing, and integrated solutions. Your role is key to enabling innovative business models and product offering strategies while ensuring top-level data quality.What You'll DoCollaborate closely with internal business stakeholders and translate business requirements into technical solutions.Own the end-to-end CLM architecture, including SAP Variant Configuration (LO-VC), SAP VCP, SAP SSC, and Encoway CPQ.Design and govern the implementation of configuration solutions to ensure a seamless flow of configuration, pricing, and master data across SAP S/4HANA, PIM, CRM (CPQ), and SAP Commerce Cloud.Build and maintain SAP LO-VC models hands-on (high-level configuration).Perform ABAP development in the context of Variant Configuration.Coordinate cross-functional teams within a global IT environment.Manage external partners and modelers, ensuring quality and timely delivery.Stay up to date with trends and innovations in configuration and CPQ solutions.Who You AreBachelor's degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent.Extensive experience with SAP LO-VC (AVC understanding is a plus).Proven experience managing landscapes combining SAP LO-VC with Java-based configuration engines (e.g., IPC, SSC).Excellent understanding of (p)Functions.Deep expertise in SAP ERP logistics processes and VC-related integration scenarios.Strong proficiency in at least one object-oriented programming language (ABAP is a plus).Familiarity with SAP VCP (CPS) and SDI.Experience with CPQ solutions.Excellent communication skills in complex, international IT environments; fluent in English (German is an asset).Who We AreAt Belimo, we take pride in making our company a rewarding place to work. Our leaders are value-driven and encourage new ideas in their teams around the world. Through our passion, our employees are not only creating amazing products, they are revolutionizing the HVAC industry. Investing in our people is at the heart of Belimo's approach to engaging diverse creative talent to grow an industry-leading company. The success of our corporate brand is based on the expertise and commitment of each individual. jid4b6251cpn jit0310pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Switzerland
Álláshirdetés jelentése