Cég neve
DHL Global Management GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Nézze meg a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét!
Ft/hó
Megnézem
Ön felfedte a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét
N.
e Ft/hó
Részletek
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ISO
SECURITY
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
PMP
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Magyar felsőfok
3-5 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ISO
SECURITY
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
PMP
Angol
felsőfok és Magyar felsőfok
3-5
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Company info
DHL Express - a company that connects people!
What makes DHL great? Our People! We know each employee’s individual contributions make us the #1 Express Delivery and Logistics Company in the world.
Distinguished as No.1 World’s Best Workplace™ by Great Place to Work and Fortune Magazine DHL Express is committed to maintaining an environment that empowers every team member to make the greatest possible impact on our business. Our corporate culture is about personal commitment - to our business, to each other and to our global communities. DHL is dedicated to being a great place to work. Start YOUR career with DHL today…
We are looking for a Cluster Information Security Specialist - CEU based in Budapest, Hungary.
Tasks
Driving Information Security activities across the cluster of own responsibility (i.e. CEU) directing, coordinating and supporting the Local Information Security Managers of the respective countries in all security related tasks. Countries in scope (Hungary, Georgia, Latvia, Lithuania, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Ukraine, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Iceland)
Responsible for leading and coordinating the implementation of all aspects of Cybersecurity in own cluster of EU countries and to create local roadmaps in alignment with company goals.
Leads the execution of security activities and alignments on behalf of the EU countries within the cluster, ensuring deliverables are met on time, risks are reduced to the bare minimum, and resources are optimized.
Reports country progress with RISO and other relevant stakeholder groups and highlight challenges before these become issues.
Lead training to the local teams and educate them about requirements, responsibilities and current EXP activities in cybersecurity.
Performs Risk Assessments on behalf of EU countries.
Is responsible for compliance across the cluster of countries for local and other security related requirements.
Manage communications with local Senior Management Teams and Stakeholders and get their buy-in.
Acts as interface with the legal authorities of EU countries within the cluster, for all matters related to Information Security
Accountable for the implementation within the cluster of regional or global security initiatives. Is responsible for Execution of security controls to ensure compliance to internal and external security frameworks. Interact with local community to understand their security needs and implement procedures to accommodate them.
Leads resiliency implementation by defining and supervising the test of Business Continuity Plans. Provide 3rd Party compliance by aligning on security with 3rd Party vendor, supplier and provider. Analyze, implement and administer security concepts for local applications and services.
Requirements
Minimum 5 years’ experience in the information security domain.
Strong grasp of information security principles and knowledge of key technology concepts.
Information security and project management certification (e.g. CISSP, CISM, CISA, CRISC, CGEIT, PMP ect.) or relevant University degree as required by the Hungarian Cybersecurity Law to fulfill the ISO (IBF) role.
Exceptional written and oral communications skills in Hungarian and English, proven experience in articulating security and risk-related concepts to audiences with various levels of security knowledge.
Good at preparing impactful cybersecurity-related communications and periodic reports, ensuring key messages are captured by the target audience.
Hands-on mentality.
Good problem-solving skills, adept at simplifying complex security issues.
Highly organized, able to multi-task and manage competing priorities.
Self-starter, has initiative, able to work independently but also a strong team player.
University Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field or similar experience/education.
Proactive behavior and "put yourself in the shoes of" mentality.
Intercultural skills.
Strategic planning.
Learning delivery.
Supplier management.
Significant experience in implementing solutions across multiple security domains.
Proven structured program/project management experience in deploying security-related initiatives, including planning, tracking, status reporting, and metrics, across multiple projects.
Excellent stakeholder management skills in a global matrix organization that will enable building rapport with colleagues across geographical locations, with varying security exposures and technical aptitudes.
Proven influencing skills.
How to apply
Please click the Apply button to send your application.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Security
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése