Cég neve
PiNCAMP GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
HARDWARE
AGILE
Biztosított eszközök
Workstation
Elvárások
Lengyel középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
HARDWARE
AGILE
Workstation
Lengyel
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As our Senior Product Designer (m/f/d) – Travel Booking & UX, you will play a pivotal role in our journey to become Europe's number one camping vacation marketplace. By deeply understanding our customers you will craft flawless, high-impact experiences and state-of-the-art designs for our booking platform. This is your opportunity to shape a scaling product and turn the entire user journey into seamless, joyful memories.
What you can expect
You will take ownership of the end-to-end design journey—translating complex requirements into intuitive user flows, wireframes, and pixel-perfect Figma mockups, while conducting usability tests and partnering with engineering to ensure a seamless implementation.
To ensure we build products that solve real customer problems, you will drive User Research & Discovery. By planning and conducting user interviews, surveys, and usability tests, you will challenge our product with evidence-based insights.
Champion consistency and accessibility across all platforms by driving our Design Systems & UI Standards to build high-quality interfaces efficiently.
Foster high design quality through rigorous Design QA and post-release reviews. By analyzing usage patterns and user feedback, you will identify new UX opportunities to drive continuous product improvement.
Leverage AI-assisted prototyping and ideation to rapidly explore and visualize early concepts. You will use AI tools to generate low-fidelity prototypes and wireframes, accelerating the journey from initial idea to validated design.
Requirements
You have gained at least 4 years of experience in B2C product design, with a proven track record of designing complex, high-conversion transactional flows (ideally in Travel & Booking).
You have already been heavily involved in user research and prototyping projects and have actively conducted user surveys, questionnaires and usability tests.
You have owned large-scale Figma design systems, including the architecture and long-term maintenance of scalable libraries using Variables, Design Tokens, and advanced prototyping.
You own strong communication and collaboration skills, with an ability to partner closely with Product and Engineering teams to balance user needs with technical feasibility.
You have deep expertise in accessibility standards (WCAG) and responsive design best practices.
You speak German or Dutch as well as English at a professional level, enabling you to collaborate effectively within our international environment.
Please include a compelling portfolio (link preferred) with your application that demonstrates end-to-end thinking, not just polished UI.
What we offer
Regular feedback as well as internal and external training, e.g. at our PiNCAMP Academy
A steep learning curve with a lot of responsibility from day one, flat hierarchies, quick decisions, room for creative ideas and new impulses
A good mix of agile start-up and grown professional structures
Health promotion, e.g. through subsidies for Urban Sports Club or ergonomic workstations, free fruit, vegetables and muesli
Flexible working hours, home office, work abroad, hybrid working
30 vacation days
A camper for your short trip or vacation
An appreciative work culture and atmosphere in an international team
Regular company parties and events
Best hardware of your choice, modern tools
Modern office in the heart of Berlin with excellent public transport connections and a rooftop terrace for fresh air and sun-bathing
Snacks and drinks
Various employee discounts, e.g. Travel Industry Card
Company info
PiNCAMP is the camping startup of ADAC, ANWB and TCS - in Germany, the Netherlands and Switzerland, as well as throughout Europe. An international team of more than 80 digital experts digitises the camping industry by combining the experience and reputation of our shareholders with the speed of an agile start-up. Our goal is to be Europe's leading camping platform. For our further growth we are looking for passionate hands-on people who want to grow with us and are eager to build an excellent product for campers and campsites alike.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése