Cég neve
Secunet Security Networks AG
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
LINUX
FRONTEND
SECURITY
CHANGE MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
LINUX
FRONTEND
SECURITY
CHANGE
MANAGEMENT
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
own and evolve the userspace architecture of an embedded Linux system
contribute hands-on to core components, especially in early project phases
define stable interfaces and APIs in collaboration with frontend and system teams
build and mentor the engineering team
collaborate with central platform and engineering units by consuming and contributing shared components
Requirements
several years of experience in embedded Linux or system-level software development
strong hands-on skills in userspace development and system integration
experience taking technical ownership and guiding architectural decisions
proven ability and willingness to build, mentor and develop engineers
security-aware mindset and experience working within constrained or regulated environments
Technologies we use
Nix is the glue that keeps all our software together
NixOS is our OS of choice
Rust is the lingua franca of our development efforts
DPDK-based high-performance networking stacks
U-Boot is our universal bootloader
GitLab is our software development platform
Bonus Points
experience with kernel-level and bootloader development
familiarity with the German language, while not required, is an advantage
proven experience in organizational transformation or change management
What we offer
Company Culture:
We value open communication, innovation, and teamwork, fostering a collaborative environment with flat hierarchies.
Work-Life Balance:
Flexible working hours and remote work options support a balance between professional and personal life.
Career Growth:
We offer ample opportunities for professional development, including coaching, mentoring, and leadership pathways.
Tech Stack:
Work with cutting-edge technologies and help shape secunet's future by influencing the long-term technological vision.
Competitive Compensation:
We provide an attractive salary, bonus structures, and a range of benefits, including health and wellness programs.
If you are keen to work for a leading company of cyber security in a fair and trusting environment, you should immediately get in touch with us.
Company info
For our group-wide development department SINA Evolution in the Public Authorities division – the driver of secure cloud transformation – we are looking for your bright mind to join one of our locations in Berlin, Bonn, Borchen, Dresden, Eschborn, Essen, Hamburg, Hanover, Ilmenau, Munich, Siegen or Stuttgart as soon as possible.
Involves up to 20% of travelling (Primarily optional and phase-dependent)
We're looking for a Lead Embedded Linux Engineer to take technical ownership of the userspace architecture of a security-critical embedded system.
In this role, you are the primary technical decision-maker for userspace design while remaining deeply involved in hands-on development. You help establish technical foundations, guide architectural direction and actively contribute to building an engineering team — including mentoring and onboarding future engineers as the project and team grow.
SINA Evolution is secunet's innovation department for security-focused products in public authority & high security environments. The team is responsible for building the technical foundation for new product classes and long-term platform solutions.
We contribute directly to the development of sovereign, security-critical digital infrastructure. The systems we shape are used in high-security public-sector environments where control, trust, and long-term operability matter more than speed or hype.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése