Cég neve
Susonity Production GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
We are seeking an experienced
SAP Finance & Controlling (FICO) Expert
to lead the design, optimization, and integration of financial processes within our SAP S/4HANA ecosystem. This role partners closely with global finance stakeholders and cross-functional teams to translate business needs into scalable SAP solutions that strengthen financial accuracy, compliance, and operational excellence.
The ideal candidate brings deep FI/CO expertise, proven leadership in S/4HANA deployments, and a proactive approach to driving continuous improvement across Record-to-Report (R2R) processes.
Key Responsibilities
Lead the design, configuration, testing, and deployment of
SAP S/4HANA Finance & Controlling (FI/CO)
solutions across all Record-to-Report (R2R) processes.
Collaborate with finance teams to gather requirements, analyze business needs, and design optimized end-to-end financial workflows.
Provide deep subject matter expertise in FI/CO, including
General Ledger (GL)
,
Accounts Payable (AP)
,
Accounts Receivable (AR)
,
Fixed Assets (AA)
, and financial close processes.
Ensure strong integration between FI/CO and related modules such as
Order-to-Cash (OTC)
,
Procure-to-Pay (P2P)
, Manufacturing, and other S/4HANA components.
Act as a functional lead for projects, change requests and supporting full lifecycle implementations—from blueprinting and design to go-live and hypercare.
Drive process standardization, documentation, testing cycles, training activities, and change management initiatives.
Troubleshoot R2R-related incidents and recommend enhancements to improve system reliability, performance, and user experience.
Requirements
8+ years of SAP functional experience
, with strong focus on
S/4HANA Finance (R2R)
.
Proven experience leading
full-cycle S/4HANA implementations
in FI/CO.
Deep knowledge of financial processes, FI/CO configurations, and cross-module integrations.
Strong analytical and problem-solving capabilities with the ability to convert business challenges into SAP solutions.
Excellent stakeholder management and communication skills, working effectively with global teams.
SAP
S/4HANA
,
FI
and
CO
certification preferred.
Experience with
S/4HANA Private Cloud
is a plus.
Company info
Unleash your talent in an exciting environment of brilliance!
Become part of a visionary team that is redefining the chemical industry with fresh ideas and brilliant, innovative solutions.
As part of a market-leading global corporation, we radiate the energy and enthusiasm of a start-up.
With a clear focus on high-quality
effect pigments
for the cosmetics, automotive, and construction industries, we offer you the opportunity to develop your skills in an inspiring environment. Our product range includes renowned brands such as
Iriodin®
,
Colorstream®
and
Ronastar®
.
We respect the
chemical collective
agreement with fair compensation, comprehensive social benefits, and targeted personal development. Join us and shape the future of surface solutions – bring color to the world and turn your ideas into action!
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Finance,
Accounting
Analyst,
Advisor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése