Cég neve
Mercedes-Benz AG
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
DEVOPS
CLOUD
AZURE
DATA MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
DEVOPS
CLOUD
AZURE
DATA
MANAGEMENT
Német
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
To strengthen our team ITD/RE (Product Configuration & Data Quality Assurance) Center of Competence Product Lifecycle Management (PLM), we are looking for you as a working student (m/f/d) at our Böblingen location. Product data management and documentation are the backbone of our company and form the basis for our entire operational business, from vehicle development through production to sales and after-sales.
As a team, we are responsible for products that use mathematical methods and special checks to identify contradictions and other problems in these statements. Furthermore, we are responsible for products that check the consistency between product configuration and bill of materials and highlight inconsistencies. With these products, we make a fundamental contribution to ensuring high documentation quality.
The basis of product configuration are codes that represent statements about technical feasibility, dependencies, or sales specifications. An example of this would be equipment that is currently only available in a specific country and can therefore only be ordered there. The statements from these codes form the basis for the vehicle ordering process - as is also the case in the online configurator.
Our products are located in many places in the development process and support our users worldwide, from geometric product definition to the logistics chain.
In your work, you will support the "Methods & Support Product Configuration" team in technical application support and DevOps.
These challenges await you, among others:
You create CI/CD pipelines.
You support the cloud administration for our products.
You perform updates of the components used.
You create concepts for monitoring and implement them.
You support our software developers in deployment and operations.
Requirements
Ongoing Master's degree program in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or a comparable Master's program with a focus on IT
Proficiency written and spoken German and English
Confident handling of GitHub Actions
Experience with Kubernetes cluster technology
Experience in cloud technologies (Azure)
Programming skills in at least one programming language
Commitment and ability to work in a team
Analytical way of thinking and structured, independent way of working
Fully submitted application documents (CV, bachelor's degree certificate including grades)
Additional Information:
We look forward to receiving your online application, including a resume, cover letter, certificates, current certificate of enrollment stating your semester, and proof of the standard period of study. Please remember to mark your documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form and observe the maximum file size of 5 MB.
You can find further information on the hiring criteria
here
.
Severely disabled applicants and applicants with equivalent status are welcome! The representative for severely disabled employees (
HR Services will be happy to help you with any questions you may have about the application process. You can reach us by email at
What we offer
Meal-Discounts
Mobile Phone for Employees Possible
Discounts for Employees Possible
Annual Profit Share Possible
Events for Employees
Coaching
Flextime Possible
Hybrid Work Possible
Health Benefits
Company Retirement
Mobility Offers
Parking
Inhouse Doctor
Good Public Transport
Barrier-Free Workplace
Near-Site Childcare
Canteen, Café
Company info
Life is always about becoming… Becoming means going on a journey to be the best version of our future selves. While we discover new things, we will face challenges, master them and grow beyond our individual limits.
Apply for a job at Mercedes-Benz and find your individual role and workspace to unleash your talents to the fullest. Empowered by visionary colleagues who share the same pioneering spirit. Joining us means becoming part of a global team that aims to build the most desirable cars in the world. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: MER0003YZM
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése