Cég neve
Computacenter Services Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
1095 Budapest, Soroksári út 30.
Nézze meg a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét!
Ft/hó
Megnézem
Ön felfedte a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét
N.
e Ft/hó
Részletek
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Egészségpénztár
Cafeteria
Szakmai tréningek
Nyelvtanulás támogatása
Sport támogatás
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Általános munkarend
Biztosított eszközök
Laptop
Monitor (1 db)
Headset
Elvárások
Angol középfok
3-5 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Egészségpénztár
Cafeteria
Szakmai
tréningek
Nyelvtanulás
támogatása
Sport
támogatás
Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Általános
munkarend
Laptop
Monitor
(1 db)
Headset
Angol
középfok
3-5
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Your future tasks will be...
The Technology Sourcing Innovation (TSI) team set the system and process vision for Computacenter’s product business to ensure we delight our customers effectively through proven standard services, global best practise and efficient ways of working.
The Business Insights Data Analyst role supports the GTS Global Quality & Compliance Director in providing data driven business insights to achieve increased efficiency and an improved customer experience.
On a daily basis:
Strategic BI & Insights
Lead the design and delivery of dashboards, metrics, and analytical frameworks.
Support the business to discover, define, and implement new KPIs, metrics, and insight models.
Provide Business Intelligence and insight recommendations.
Deliver senior‑level reporting and insight.
Consulting & Stakeholder Engagement
Act as a trusted advisor to high‑level stakeholders.
Translate complex business challenges into data‑driven solutions.
Support insight discussions to shape performance management.
Advanced KPI, EWS & Action Management
Design KPI frameworks, targets, and RAG methodologies.
Build Early Warning Systems (EWS) for performance and risk monitoring.
Support action planning based on insights and performance gaps.
Automation, AI & Advanced Tooling
Fully automate manual reporting processes.
Implement solutions using Power Automate, Power Apps, Power Platform, and Copilot.
Apply AI capabilities to enhance business insights and analytics.
Drive continuous innovation in reporting and analytics techniques.
Governance, Quality & Compliance
Ensure full alignment with Audit, ISO, and Quality Management standards.
Maintain robust documentation, controls, and data governance.
Act as owner of analytics standards and best practices.
Requirements
You are the ideal candidate if...
You bring 3–5 years of experience in a similar role
You speak English fluently, and German or French is a plus
You work confidently with Excel, Power BI, SQL, and databases, supported by a strong understanding of data architecture
You use the full Power Platform (Power BI, Power Apps, Power Automate, Copilot) to build smart, automated solutions
You apply solid Business Intelligence skills to create KPIs, Early Warning Systems, performance frameworks, and action plans
You are familiar with Audit, ISO, and quality management standards
You demonstrate strong teamwork, consulting ability, and clear communication.
What we offer
What can we offer to you?
As a future member of CC Family you will be part of an international department where you have the chance for:
Trainings & talent programmes
Language courses
Work in a fun and diverse atmosphere
Career opportunity within an international team
Possibility for personal development
Hybrid working model (Mixed office and home-office schedule)
Be part of a winning team with a clear purpose and a strategic plan in place
Medicare private health care package and cafeteria benefits (yearly gross 500 000 HUF and after the first year spent within the company, it grows to gross 780 000 HUF).
Workplace extras
Canteen
Cafe
Corporate events
Bicycle storage
Parking
Sports facilities
Free coffee, soft drinks
Company info
About us
Computacenter is a leading independent provider of IT infrastructure services, with about 20,000 employees worldwide. We work at the heart of digitisation, advising organisations on IT strategy, implementing the most appropriate technology and managing our customers’ infrastructures.
We offer a friendly, open working environment without too much fuss about hierarchy. We are looking for professionals with diverse competencies, personalities and strengths who want to live our shared value of teamwork and performance.
Interested in joining a company with a strong sense of community?
We’re growing. We’re hiring. We encourage. We empower. We support.
#winningtogether #peoplematter
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése