Cég neve
Daimler Truck Financial Services GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT
Support the (risk) model calibration and validation (IFRS 9 impairment, economic capital and pricing) for several DTFS markets, including the preparation of results for approval by the respective committee
Run the monthly calculation and reporting process of economic capital and acquisition quality
Enhance our applied methods, tools, systems and software used for calibration, validation, reporting and pricing
Network and align with Controlling, IT and other departments as well as local markets to ensure proper handling of stakeholder needs and requirements
You will be responsible for your own tasks and projects
WHAT WE OFFER
An exciting and diverse role in a dynamic environment
The opportunity to actively contribute to projects with a high level of personal responsibility and bring in your own ideas
Attractive compensation and flexible working hours
Insights into the working world of a leading company in the commercial vehicle industry
Participation and active involvement in engaging exchange and networking formats within the cross-location Students @ Daimler Truck network
Requirements
THAT'S WHY YOU'RE A MATCH
You are an enrolled student of Mathematics, Applied or Business Mathematics, Finance or Business Administration with a focus on quantitative methods or comparable education
Ideally you are about to finish your Bachelor‘s degree or are currently in your Master studies
You are motivated to utilize your analytical, conceptual and methodological competencies
You have background in programming, MS Office and experience in software development
You had already first contact with the topics IFRS 9 credit risk impairment and/or economic capital under the Basel Framework (methods, risk parameter estimation and validation)
As you are motivated to work in a multicultural environment, you have strong communication and relationship building skills besides mastering English in speaking and writing
Additional information:
It doesn't work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB).
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process:
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail:
What we offer
At Daimler Truck, we promote diversity and foster an inclusive corporate culture. We value the individual strengths of our employees, as these lead to the best team performance and thus to the success of our company. Inclusion and Equal opportunities are important to us – regardless of where you come from and who you are. We look forward to receiving applications from people of all cultures and genders, parents, people with disabilities and people from the LGBTIQ+ community.
Company info
ABOUT US
At Daimler Truck, we change today's transportation and create real impact together. We take responsibility around the globe and work together as one global team. We drive our progress and success together – everyone at Daimler Truck makes the difference. Together, we want to reduce our carbon footprint, increase safety on and off the track, develop smarter technology and attractive financial solutions. All essential, to fulfill our purpose - for all who keep the world moving.
Become part of our global team: You make the difference -
YOUMAKEUS
The department Credit Risk Management is responsible for the monthly calculation of Credit Risk Reserves and Economic Capital, for risk steering and reporting for all DTFS entities as well as risk methods and parameters. Furthermore, the department manages rating and scoring models, processes and systems. In addition, the department hosts several policies, prepares Board deals, ensures their quality and fosters further process and system digitization.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Finance,
Accounting
Analyst,
Advisor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése