Cég neve
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries EMEA, Ltd., Erlangen Branch
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY
SCRUM
AGILE
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY
SCRUM
AGILE
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Support a Scrum team in its daily work on
smart video management software using modern web technologies or computer vision applications based on artificial intelligence
.
Identify what is state of the art and what truly excites our customers.
Get to know the different roles in agile software development.
Understand and critically question our core product features.
Requirements
You are enrolled in a technical or scientific degree program, ideally in computer science, computational engineering, data science, or a related field. We also welcome applications from students at the very beginning of their studies!
You are self-motivated and driven to move both yourself and your environment forward.
Team spirit comes naturally to you.
You have very good English skills, both written and spoken.
Creativity and structured working methods are not contradictions for you.
What we offer
Start-up spirit with the security of a large corporation.
Innovative work environment: A challenging, creative atmosphere with
maximum freedom to shape and influence
.
Flexibility & freedom:
A remote-first culture
with a modern office as an inspiring collaboration space.
Technical excellence: State-of-the-art equipment and complete freedom in choosing your development tools.
Diverse projects: A wide range of application areas without legacy systems, challenging your creativity.
Career boost: The opportunity to actively develop your know-how and contribute innovative ideas.
Company info
In 2018, we founded an internal start-up with the mission of making the products of the industrial group Mitsubishi Heavy Industries smarter and more connected. Using agile methods and state-of-the-art software technologies, we develop solutions that shape the business models of tomorrow. Learn more: Click here.
Would you like to help us write this story? Then apply now as a
Working Student Software Development (m/f/d)
and, starting immediately, shape the future with us for
15–20 hours per week
in the following role:
Working Student Software Development (m/f/d)
Job ID: 25-02 – Location Erlangen City Center and remote
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése