Cég neve
Solventum GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
LINUX
BASH
PYTHON
JAVA
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok és
Spanyol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
LINUX
BASH
PYTHON
JAVA
Angol
középfok és Német középfok és Spanyol középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a (Senior) Speech Developer (m/f/x)* you will have the opportunity to tap into your curiosity and collaborate with some of the most innovative and diverse people around the world.
Here, you will make an impact by:
Creating products that make a real difference in the lives of patients and doctors
Developing Acoustic and Language models based on our own state-of-the-art recognition
Processing our enormous amounts of data for training and speaker adaptation
Working with an international team of speech researchers and developers
Requirements
To set you up for success in this role from day one, Solventum requires (at a minimum) the following qualifications:
Master in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or relevant field or profound relevant experience
Experience with large vocabulary speech recognition, with active involvement in developing such technology
Knowledge of AI tools like: TensorFlow, PyTorch, fairseq, Kaldi, K2/Icefall, ESPNET, ONNX, kenlm
Excellent Spanish language skills (spoken and written) as well as good English communication skills
Strong in Linux environment with Bash, Perl, Python, Java, Jython
Additional qualifications that could help you succeed even further in this role include:
Other language skills are a plus
Work location:
Onsite:
Munich/Germany
Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status.
What we offer
Solventum offers many programs to help you live your best life – both physically and financially. To ensure competitive pay and benefits, Solventum regularly benchmarks with other companies that are comparable in size and scope.
Company info
At Solventum, we enable better, smarter, safer healthcare to improve lives. As a new company with a long legacy of creating breakthrough solutions for our customers- toughest challenges, we pioneer game-changing innovations at the intersection of health, material and data science that change patients' lives for the better while enabling healthcare professionals to perform at their best. Because people, and their wellbeing, are at the heart of every scientific advancement we pursue.
We partner closely with the brightest minds in healthcare to ensure that every solution we create melds the latest technology with compassion and empathy. Because at Solventum, we never stop solving for you.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése