Cég neve
Tieto Germany GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
ABAP
ANALYTICS
CLOUD
Elvárások
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
ABAP
ANALYTICS
CLOUD
Német
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
When joining Tieto Tech Consulting as a Technical SAP Consultant, you
collaborate with customer and functional consultants to deliver complex SAP solutions with focus on SAP Business Technology Platform (BTP)
develop applications and extensions using SAP Build
advise our clients on the architecture and integration of SAP BTP into existing IT landscapes including SAP BTP administration and configuration
build the understanding of customer business, anticipate customer needs and discover alternative solutions that are relevant for our customer's success
support the Lead Architect to deliver solutions for defined areas
Requirements
several years of professional experience in the SAP environment, preferably in a technical role
good knowledge in SAP application development (e.g. ABAP, Fiori, web technologies)
experience with cloud services and modern architecture concepts
know-how of SAP BTP (App development, Integration, Data & Analytics, Intelligent Technology, and/or Automation) and SAP Build
ability to structure, prioritize and organize requirements
a consulting and learning attitude
the ability to handle discussions in
German
and English
We believe you are a valuable team player who takes initiative and demonstrates responsibility in organizing your work and completing tasks. Communication is essential in our workplace, and we appreciate your willingness to both learn from and coach your colleagues. As technology continues to rapidly develop, we admire your drive to learn new and innovative technologies.
What we offer
We offer you professional growth, meaningful projects, open culture, and an outstanding work-life balance!
We offer you an opportunity to create the future of a growing, fast-developing, and important sector.
We believe that our organizational culture is an important part of enabling you to be successful.
We provide a flexible hybrid work model as part of our culture and way of working.
Finally, we also believe in curiosity and learning as a lifestyle where you need to unlearn and relearn every day as new possibilities emerge.
Locations: Vienna, Linz, Graz, Berlin, Regensburg
Additional Information
At Tieto, we believe in the power of diversity, equity, and inclusion. We encourage applicants of all backgrounds, genders (m/f/d), and walks of life to join our team, as we believe that this fosters an inspiring workplace and fuels innovation. Our commitment to openness, trust, and diversity is at the heart of our mission to create digital futures that benefit businesses, societies, and humanity.
Diversity, equity and inclusion (tietoevry.com)
Company info
Tieto is a leading software and digital engineering services company with global market reach and capabilities. We provide customers across different industries with mission-critical solutions through our specialized software businesses Tieto Caretech, Tieto Banktech and Tieto Indtech, as well as Tieto Tech Consulting business. Join our 15 000 talented vertical software, design, cloud and AI experts and empower our customers to succeed and innovate with the latest technology.
Since 2000, Tieto has been represented in Germany. With about 100 experts, Tietoevry Germany is committed to develop enterprises and society through IT by realizing new opportunities in customers' business transformation.
We believe in professional development and results by supporting our customers on their journey into a meaningful digital future
Are you an experienced Technical SAP expert looking for an exciting opportunity to work with the latest SAP technologies? Look no further!
We are currently seeking a talented individual to join our team at Tieto Tech Consulting. Tieto Tech Consulting is the leading digital accelerator for innovation and sustainable value creation. We combine business design with software engineering to bring digital business to life.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése