Cég neve
Heraeus Consulting & IT Solutions GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
SECURITY
SAP
MIDDLEWARE
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
SECURITY
SAP
MIDDLEWARE
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Shape the integration backbone of our global SAP landscape.
As SAP Integration Architect (m/f/d) you will design, develop, and implement robust integration solutions across the company.
Collaborate with stakeholders from different application teams and business partners around the globe to gather requirements and deliver tailored integration solutions.
Lead the design and execution of integration architecture, ensuring efficiency, scalability, and compliance with business objectives.
Troubleshoot and resolve integration issues to maintain system reliability and performance.
Document integration architectures, workflows, and technical specifications.
Stay updated on integration solutions and join SAP User Group meetings and conferences.
Cloud application management for Integration Suite, running on Business Technology Platform.
Requirements
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field
Proven experience as an Interface Consultant or Integration Architect in an SAP environment
Strong expertise with SAP Middleware like SAP PI/PO, or already with SAP Integration Suite, which will be much appreciated
Experience integrating with SAP systems in Cloud and on-prem
Knowledge of message protocols and security layers
Excellent problem-solving, communication, and stakeholder management skills
What we offer
Top projects with high impact
- You will always work on key topics that are highly relevant for the performance of the Heraeus Group and thus create real added value side by side with our colleagues in the business units.
State-of-the-art technology and a wide range of training opportunities
- You will work in a modern office environment with the best equipment and can take advantage of national and international training opportunities to promote your professional and personal development.
An open communication culture
- In our consulting team, we are always in close contact with each other. Openness and trust create room for your development.
Hybrid working and regular time off
- a combination of remote and on-site work, flexible working hours, 30 days annual leave plus up to 6 additional days off (company closure on bridge days and between the years).
Company info
Solutions from the Heraeus Group provide faster internet, rid water of germs, and keep hearts beating in time. As a family-owned global technology group headquartered in Hanau, Germany, we combine materials expertise and technological leadership to create the most diverse products, all with one thing in common: World-class quality. Working with customers around the world, we shape the future and provide vital innovations in the areas of Metals & Recycling, Healthcare, Semiconductor & Electronics and Industrials. Heraeus is one of the top 10 family-owned companies in Germany and has a team of around 16,400 employees in 40 countries.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
System
Integrator
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése