Cég neve
KraussMaffei Group GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Cafeteria
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Cafeteria
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Német
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As part of the global IT team, you support our global and local HR teams with IT solutions for function-specific requests and thus act as the interface between IT and HR. You select and manage external IT partners for projects or day-to-day support, including contract negotiations in cooperation with Global HR and Global Procurement.
You select and manage external IT partners for projects or day-to-day support, including contract negotiations in cooperation with Global HR and Global Procurement.
You take technical responsibility for all system changes and new developments, including new releases.
In addition, you operate the entire global HR/IT system, i.e. coordinating hosting and technical support.
Requirements
You have completed training as a (business) IT specialist or possess a comparable qualification in the IT field.
You are an expert (senior level, 8+ years of professional experience) in the SAP SuccessFactors cloud solution environment.
You have experience with one or more of the following modules: EC Payroll, Employee Central, Performance & Goals, Recruiting, and Compensation & Benefits.
You have solid hands-on experience in the HR/IT environment and ideally bring strong process understanding and project experience in the HR/IT domain, as well as experience in designing HR/IT solutions.
Knowledge of web technologies, programming skills, Jira and Confluence, as well as experience with German payroll systems (e.g. EC Payroll) are an advantage.
A team- and service-oriented way of working, combined with fluent English and good German skills for working in an international environment, comes naturally to you.
What we offer
Active involvement:
A challenging role in an innovative environment with your own area of responsibility
Open corporate culture:
A pleasant working atmosphere and a collegial team spirit
Attractive compensation:
In accordance with the collective agreement of the metal and electrical industry, including all additional benefits, Christmas and vacation bonuses, and a company pension scheme
Your vacation package:
30 days of annual leave and the option of flexible days off
Work-life balance:
Achieved through flexible working hours and the option to work from home
Corporate benefits:
Exclusive access to Germany's largest benefits platform
Our locations:
Easy accessibility by train or car, with large parking areas and electric vehicle charging stations
Your meals:
Meal subsidies and a wide selection offered in our modern company canteen, employee cafeteria, and snack stations
Your development:
Comprehensive onboarding as well as continuous personal and professional development through participation in our tailored training program
Team spirit:
Participation in joint events, leisure activities, and sports programs
Company info
KraussMaffei is among the world's leading manufacturers of machinery and systems for the production and processing of plastics and rubber. For more than 180 years, our brand stands for cutting-edge technologies. Our range of services covers all areas of injection molding machinery, extrusion technology and reaction process machinery, giving us a unique selling point in the industry. Our pioneering spirit has shaped the company and its locations and brands since it was founded in 1838. You want to be ahead of the competition, strive for changes, love to tackle challenges and learn from each other? So do we.
KraussMaffei employs around 4,700 people all over the world. We value diversity in backgrounds and in experiences and we pay attention to the person as an individual regardless of origin, gender, age, disability status, sexual orientation, religion and many other parts of one's identity. We support our employees in more than just professional development and offer opportunities for personal growth. Come and join our team!
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
HR,
Human Relations
HR
Business Partner
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése