Cég neve
Wolters Kluwer Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Lokomotív Ház Irodakomplexum - Budapest, Budafoki út 189, 1117
Nézze meg a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét!
Ft/hó
Megnézem
Ön felfedte a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét
N.
e Ft/hó
Részletek
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Kisgyermekeseknek
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
C
XML
C++
JAVA
JSON
TESTING
REST
JIRA
CONFLUENCE
SCRUM
AGILE
GIT.
DATABASE
TROUBLESHOOTING
Biztosított eszközök
Laptop
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Kisgyermekeseknek
Általános
munkarend
C
XML
C++
JAVA
JSON
TESTING
REST
JIRA
CONFLUENCE
SCRUM
AGILE
GIT.
DATABASE
TROUBLESHOOTING
Laptop
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Feladatok
About the Role:
Take your software engineering career to the next level as a Senior Product Software Engineer. You will play a key role in designing, developing, and troubleshooting software programs. Your technical skills and innovative mindset will contribute to the continuous improvement of our products, making a significant impact on user experience and satisfaction.
Responsibilities:
Lead Software Development: Take the lead in designing, developing, and maintaining complex software applications to meet project requirements.
Design Collaboration: Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define design specifications and details, taking into account diverse perspectives.
Effective Communication: Regularly communicate project updates, progress, and challenges to stakeholders and team members.
Technical Documentation: Prepare detailed technical specifications and requirements documents to guide the development process.
Performance Optimization: Identify bottlenecks and optimize software programs to improve overall performance and efficiency.
Application Design: Lead the design of innovative and user-friendly software applications that align with customer needs and industry standards.
Testing Strategies: Create comprehensive testing routines and procedures to ensure the reliability and accuracy of software applications.
Applied Problem Solving: Utilize mathematical principles and statistical approaches to solve intricate problems in scientific or applied fields within software projects.
Issue Resolution: Collaborate with others to troubleshoot and resolve complex information technology issues that may arise during development.
Data Preparation: Prepare and preprocess data for analysis, ensuring its accuracy and readiness for use in software applications.
Technical Support: Provide technical support to end-users, including assistance with software maintenance, troubleshooting, and usage queries.
Elvárások
Requirements:
Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field.
At least 2+ years of experience in object-oriented development (primarily in Java, C++, or C#).
Proficiency in English.
Knowledge of Jira, Confluence, Mantis, GIT.
Code quality and testing: Ensuring high-quality software, including testing processes and code optimization.
Experience with database management.
Knowledge of Web services/Rest APIs (XML/JSON).
Agile development experience: Familiarity with agile development methodologies (Scrum). Active participation in agile development cycles, collaborating closely with other team members (developers, testers, project managers).
Strong communication skills: Ability to collaborate effectively with the team and other departments.
Problem-solving skills: Ability to solve complex development issues independently
Amit kínálunk
Full-time, permanent employment
Potential for immediate start
A day off for volunteer work
Hybrid working model – two office days per week
Laptop, mobile phone
Modern working conditions
Annual bonus system and cafeteria
Open, supportive organization
Continuous learning and development
Parking availability
Covered bike storage
Sports and shower facilities
Life and accident insurance
Munkahelyi extrák
Céges étkező
Zuhanyzási lehetőség
Parkoló
Sportolási lehetőség
Ingyen kávé, üdítő
Céginformáció
Wolters Kluwer Hungary is the Hungarian subsidiary of the global professional
information provider, Wolters Kluwer. Headquartered in the Netherlands, Wolters
Kluwer serves professionals in various industries, including healthcare, legal, tax, finance, and regulatory sectors.
Wolters Kluwer Hungary Ltd. is one of Hungary’s leading legal database providers (Jogtár) and legal tech companies Ltd.. Our goal is to support the legal community with innovative solutions and continuously develop our digital services. We are looking for a talented mid-level developer to join our team, helping us implement the latest technologies and enhance our content processing systems.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
programozás, Fejlesztés
Programozó,
Fejlesztő
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése