Cég neve
Tieto Germany GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
ANALYTICS
CLOUD
AGILE
ACCESS
Elvárások
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
ANALYTICS
CLOUD
AGILE
ACCESS
Német
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As part of our SAP Analytics team, you will work at the intersection of SAP analytics and modern data platforms and focus on integrating SAP data into broader analytics ecosystems.
Design and deliver end-to-end analytics solutions where SAP data is integrated into modern data platforms
Combine SAP Business Data Cloud with platforms such as Databricks, working closely with Data engineers
Acts as a process and technical expert for SAP analytics
Translate customer's business requirements into scalable analytics architectures and concepts
Take responsibility for data modelling, KPI concepts, dashboards and reporting frameworks across platforms
participate in pre-sales activities, workshops, and solution planning to ensure realistic and customer-centric project scoping
work with cross-functional teams and diverse customers across industries, driving excellence and value in every engagement
In this role you will leverage modern SAP technologies and analytics platforms, including:
SAP Business Data Cloud as the central integration layer for SAP data
SAP Analytics Cloud (SAC) for planning, visualization and storytelling
SAP Datasphere for semantic modelling and data access
SAP S/4HANA Embedded Analytics for operational insights
Databricks and other non-SAP platforms for advanced analytics, data engineering and AI use cases
Hybrid and cloud-based architectures combining SAP and non-SAP systems
Requirements
Several years of hands-on SAP consulting experience in analytics and reporting (BW/4HANA, SAC, Datasphere, Embedded Analytics)
Solid understanding of BW concepts and data modelling, combined with a strong interest in new SAP and non-SAP technologies
Willingness to move beyond traditional SAP-only projects and actively develop skills in modern data platforms (e.g. Databricks)
Experience or strong interest in hybrid analytics architectures
a consulting mindset with very good communication skills
Business-orientation, curiosity and openness for change
Fluency in German and English
As a person, we believe you are a team player who takes action and demonstrates responsibility to organize your work and solve your tasks. With our agile end-to-end development process, you will continue to both learn from, and coach your colleagues, so communication is important for us. Technology is developing fast, so learning new innovative technologies is something you strive to do.
What we offer
A chance to reposition your career from classic SAP analytics toward modern data platform architectures
Work on innovative projects where SAP is integrated into broader analytics ecosystems
professional growth, meaningful projects, open culture, and an outstanding work-life balance!
an opportunity to create the future of a growing, fast-developing, and important sector.
We believe that our organizational culture is an important part of enabling you to be successful.
a flexible hybrid work model as part of our culture and way of working
Finally, we also believe in curiosity and learning as a lifestyle where you need to unlearn and relearn every day as new possibilities emerge.
Location: Vienna, Linz, Graz, Berlin, Regensburg
Additional Information
At Tieto, we believe in the power of diversity, equity, and inclusion. We encourage applicants of all backgrounds, genders (m/f/d), and walks of life to join our team, as we believe that this fosters an inspiring workplace and fuels innovation. Our commitment to openness, trust, and diversity is at the heart of our mission to create digital futures that benefit businesses, societies, and humanity.
Diversity, equity and inclusion (tietoevry.com)
Company info
Tieto is a leading software and digital engineering services company with global market reach and capabilities. We provide customers across different industries with mission-critical solutions through our specialized software businesses Tieto Caretech, Tieto Banktech and Tieto Indtech, as well as Tieto Tech Consulting business. Join our 15 000 talented vertical software, design, cloud and AI experts and empower our customers to succeed and innovate with the latest technology.
Since 2000, Tieto has been represented in Germany. With about 100 experts, Tietoevry Germany is committed to develop enterprises and society through IT by realizing new opportunities in customers' business transformation.
We believe in professional development and results by supporting our customers on their journey into a meaningful digital future
Are you an experienced SAP Reporting and Analytics Consultant who wants to move beyond classic SAP-only analytics and actively shape modern data platforms? Then this role offers a unique opportunity to evolve your career.
We are currently seeking a talented individual to join our team at Tieto Tech Consulting. Tieto Tech Consulting is the leading digital accelerator for innovation and sustainable value creation. We combine business design with software engineering to bring digital business to life.
With a global team of 9,000 colleagues, we are constantly striving to develop and grow. Our customers trust in our solutions, which is why we are continuously looking for new talents. We are continuing to strengthen our presence in the German market and are expanding our operations with a clear focus on future growth. To support this journey, we are looking for new colleagues to join our team in Berlin.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése