Cég neve
Tieto Germany GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Német
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
In this Senior Sales Manager role, you will be instrumental in expanding Tieto's footprint in the Financial sector. You'll lead strategic sales initiatives, build strong customer relationships, and drive growth across new and existing accounts.
Position selected services and solutions within the financial sector
Identify, engage, and develop new customer relationships
Collaborate with delivery and engineering teams, including external partners
Develop and implement account expansion strategies through up-selling and cross-selling
Represent Tieto in customer and industry events, as well as conferences
Align solutions with customer business goals to position Tieto as a strategic partner
Maintain accurate forecasting and pipeline management using CRM tools
Participate in internal sales enablement and mentoring initiatives
Requirements
10+ years of accomplished sales experience in IT services and solutions, specializing in the Financial Services sector
Demonstrated expertise in developing and executing sales strategies within the German market
Extensive network of contacts and clients in the Financial industry
In-depth knowledge of market dynamics, industry trends, and emerging technologies
Expertise in consultative selling methodologies and customer journey mapping
Well-versed in EU financial regulations, including BaFin, PSD2, and DORA
Proven aptitude for building trusted relationships with C-level stakeholders
Strong analytical skills paired with effective problem-solving abilities
Excellent command of German, with proven capability to conduct customer discussions in both German and English
A collaborative and mentoring approach to teamwork with colleagues and partners
Cultural sensitivity and multilingual proficiency to successfully navigate regional business environments
You don't meet all the criteria above? No Problem!
If you are full of energy and motivated to take on new challenges, we look forward meeting you.
What we offer
At Tieto, you'll be part of a fast-growing, innovation-driven business. You'll have the opportunity to:
Work with cutting-edge solutions and highly skilled colleagues
Shape the future of financial technology and services
Make a meaningful impact on customers and society
Be empowered to take initiative and explore new ways to achieve results
Grow professionally in a supportive and forward-thinking environment
Engage with a partner ecosystem including cloud providers and FinTechs
Participate in industry forums and conferences to strengthen your network and visibility
Location: Berlin, Germany
We perform background checks on all final candidates
.
Tietoevry declines calls from recruitment companies.
Additional Information
At Tieto, we believe in the power of diversity, equity, and inclusion. We encourage applicants of all backgrounds, genders (m/f/d), and walks of life to join our team, as we believe that this fosters an inspiring workplace and fuels innovation. Our commitment to openness, trust, and diversity is at the heart of our mission to create digital futures that benefit businesses, societies, and humanity.
Diversity, equity and inclusion (tietoevry.com)
Company info
Tieto is a leading software and digital engineering services company with global market reach and capabilities. We provide customers across different industries with mission-critical solutions through our specialized software businesses Tieto Caretech, Tieto Banktech and Tieto Indtech, as well as Tieto Tech Consulting business. Join our 15 000 talented vertical software, design, cloud and AI experts and empower our customers to succeed and innovate with the latest technology.
Since 2000, Tieto has been represented in Germany. With about 100 experts, Tietoevry Germany is committed to develop enterprises and society through IT by realizing new opportunities in customers' business transformation.
We believe in professional development and results by supporting our customers on their journey into a meaningful digital future
Ready to be challenged and appreciated while taking the next step in your career? Then this is the role for you!
We are looking for a Senior Sales Manager who wants to be part of Tieto Tech Consulting and to drive the success of our Financial Services business in Central Europe. Tieto Tech Consulting is the leading digital accelerator for innovation and sustainable value creation. We combine business design with software engineering to bring digital business to life.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Sales,
Trade
Sales
and Trade Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése