Cég neve
Tieto Germany GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
AZURE
CLOUD
GIT
AGILE
Biztosított eszközök
Laptop
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
AZURE
CLOUD
GIT
AGILE
Laptop
Angol
középfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Design, build, and maintain scalable data platforms and solutions tailored to business needs
Collaborate with stakeholders across teams to understand requirements and deliver impactful data initiatives
Optimize and monitor data workflows to ensure performance, scalability, and reliability
Stay ahead with the latest trends in data technologies, applying innovative solutions to complex challenges
Requirements
Minimum 3 years in designing and implementing data solutions, platforms, and interfaces
Proficient in data modeling (dimensional modeling, (de-)normalization, etc.)
Hands-on with modern data technologies, cloud platforms, big data tools, data warehousing
Knowledge of software development, CI/CD pipelines and Git
Experience with cloud-based data platforms, Medallion architecture, Azure Data Factory, Databricks and/or Microsoft Fabric
Excellent communication skills for explaining technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders
A consulting mindset, fluency in German (C1 level) and English for stakeholder discussions
Passion for future developments and eager to learn about innovative IT solutions
As a person, we believe you are a team player who takes actions and demonstrates responsibility to organize your work and solve your tasks. With our agile end-to-end development process, you will continue to both learn from, and coach your colleagues, so communication is important for us. Technology is developing fast, so learning new innovative technologies is something you strive to do.
We also believe you have
valid certifications in Databricks, Microsoft Fabric (and MS Azure) which are considered as a strong advantage
What we offer
We offer you professional growth, meaningful projects, open culture, and an outstanding work-life balance!
We offer you an opportunity to create the future of a growing, fast-developing, and important sector.
We believe that our organizational culture is an important part of enabling you to be successful.
We provide a flexible hybrid work model as part of our culture and way of working.
Additionally, we offer benefits like laptop and smartphone also for private use, health programs, team events, excellent public transport connection, food vouchers, contribution to the costs of the Austrian “KlimaTicket”, fresh fruits, the perfect environment to prosper professionally, and a lot more.
Finally, we also believe in curiosity and learning as a lifestyle where you need to unlearn and relearn every day as new possibilities emerge.
The annual gross salary for this position will start from a monthly gross salary € 3.843,- on a full-time basis (IT collective agreement, ST1 Regelstufe), depending on your qualifications and experience, as well as the type of contract. Our aim is to provide you with a salary package that is both competitive and reflective of your relevant experience, while also aligning with current market standards.
Locations: Vienna, Linz, Graz, Berlin
Additional Information
At Tieto, we believe in the power of diversity, equity, and inclusion. We encourage applicants of all backgrounds, genders (m/f/d), and walks of life to join our team, as we believe that this fosters an inspiring workplace and fuels innovation. Our commitment to openness, trust, and diversity is at the heart of our mission to create digital futures that benefit businesses, societies, and humanity.
Diversity, equity and inclusion (tietoevry.com)
Company info
Tieto is a leading software and digital engineering services company with global market reach and capabilities. We provide customers across different industries with mission-critical solutions through our specialized software businesses Tieto Caretech, Tieto Banktech and Tieto Indtech, as well as Tieto Tech Consulting business. Join our 15 000 talented vertical software, design, cloud and AI experts and empower our customers to succeed and innovate with the latest technology.
Since 2000, Tieto has been represented in Germany. With about 100 experts, Tietoevry Germany is committed to develop enterprises and society through IT by realizing new opportunities in customers' business transformation.
We believe in professional development and results by supporting our customers on their journey into a meaningful digital future
Are you an experienced Data Engineer and want to join one of the largest IT consulting companies in the Nordics? Then this role is for you!
We are looking for a Data Engineer who wants to be part of Tieto Tech Consulting. Tieto Tech Consulting is the leading digital accelerator for innovation and sustainable value creation. We combine business design with software engineering to bring digital business to life.
With a global team of 9,000 colleagues, we are constantly striving to develop and grow. Our customers trust in our solutions, which is why we are continuously looking for new talents. We are continuing to strengthen our presence in the German market and are expanding our operations with a clear focus on future growth. To support this journey, we are looking for new colleagues to join our team in Berlin.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése