Cég neve
ING Deutschland
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
BACKEND
SPRING
JAVA
KOTLIN
DATABASE
SECURITY
CLOUD
DEVOPS
ORACLE
DATABASES
SQL
API
AZURE
JUNIT
GIT
AUTOMATED TESTS
AGILE
TEST AUTOMATION
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
BACKEND
SPRING
JAVA
KOTLIN
DATABASE
SECURITY
CLOUD
DEVOPS
ORACLE
DATABASES
SQL
API
AZURE
JUNIT
GIT
AUTOMATED
TESTS
AGILE
TEST
AUTOMATION
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Our backend systems are the backbone of ING's Daily Banking platform – and this is where you come in. You'll design, develop, and maintain reliable backend applications and services using modern frameworks like Spring Boot, Java and Kotlin, providing the power our systems need.
With an eye for details, you contribute substantially to architectural decisions which ensure that our solutions are modular, scalable, and highly available as well as rock-solid and future-proof.
Diligently, you build and run RESTful APIs end to end, from database and messaging integration to SDKs and service-discovery tools that teams across ING can plug into effortlessly.
To keep our systems fast, stable, and compliant, you'll write automated tests, monitor and optimise applications using tools like Grafana and Kibana, and ensure resilience as well as high code quality. Throughout the whole development lifecycle, best practices in security and compliance are your bread-and-butter.
In addition, you'll set up and maintain CI/CD pipelines, automate processes where you can and embrace modern tech – from cloud-native solutions to containerisation.
You're a natural at keeping an agile and DevOps mindset with which you actively participate in ceremonies and help us drive continuous improvement.
All the while, you keep communication smoothly running – whether with external stakeholders or Product Owners in your team – and take your responsibilities one step further by providing mentorship and contributing to technical interviews.
Requirements
Degree in economics, information systems or equivalent qualification
Long-standing practical experience in backend development, ideally in financial services or with large-scale platforms
Proven skills in Java (17 or higher, ideally 21+), Spring Boot, Oracle databases, SQL, and API management
Strong fundamentals in software development, OOP, design patterns, concurrency, and TDD as well as a deep understanding of microservice architectures and distributed systems
Experience with CI/CD pipelines and tools (Azure DevOps), test automation (JUnit, Mockito), and Git
Ability to lead technical initiatives and mentor others
Skills in IT risk management, secure development practices, Containerisation (OpenShift), orchestration, and Kafka as well as with monitoring tools (Grafana, Kibana); cloud technologies and agile frameworks are a bonus
Excellent problem-solving, communicative and stakeholder management skills
Strong agile and collaborative mindset as well as the ability to lead technical initiatives and mentor others
A passion for innovation and a feel for sustainable solutions
Fluency in English, knowledge of German is a plus
What we offer
Company pension plan, capital-building offers, free Deutschlandticket & bicycle leasING, company restaurant
Hybrid working: In addition to working in the office, you can also work remotely – within operational, regulatory and legal requirements.
Individualized work schedule models, sabbatical, subsidization of nursing & childcare costs
Personal budget for continuing education and development as well as health; plus, a personal budget to set up your mobile working space
Company info
The ING is Germany's third largest retail bank. Working at ING is not just a job. Working for us is a chance to make a difference. How? Because as a global bank we touch the lives of millions of people and strive to have a positive impact on our society and planet. And thanks to our start-up mentality, we stay down-to-earth, approachable and personal – an unbanky bank.
Senior Backend Engineer (f/m/x) in Frankfurt
Behind every reliable business banking product is powerful technology – and you're the one who builds, runs and improves it. Is Java your native tongue and do you navigate Spring Boot, Oracle, Junit and Mockito with ease? Perfect! At ING, our purpose is to empower people to stay a step ahead in life and business. We believe progress is driven by people with imagination and determination to create a better future. ING Germany is part of a global organisation that is transforming banking through technology, innovation, and a culture of collaboration. Sounds good? Then apply now with your CV and join us in our IT Area Daily Banking & Savings as the architect behind easy, secure, and scalable solutions for our customers.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése