Cég neve
Tieto Germany GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
TESTING
SCRUM
PMI
Elvárások
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
TESTING
SCRUM
PMI
Német
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a (Senior) IT Project Manager, you play a key role in the successful delivery of our software projects and technology services. You act as the central link between customers, delivery teams and stakeholders, ensuring high-quality results from idea to implementation.
When joining Tieto Tech Consulting as a (Senior) IT Project Manager, you
lead and motivate cross-functional teams to successfully deliver customer projects
take full ownership of project delivery including scope, budget, timeline, risks and quality
define and continuously improve project methodologies, governance models and best practices to ensure reliable and efficient deliveries
collaborate closely with customers to understand business needs and translate them into technology solutions
contribute to defining technology roadmaps and solution architectures in cooperation with architects and technical experts
manage the end-to-end implementation of digital solutions, from planning and design through development, testing and go-live
proactively ensure the highest quality standards in all project deliverables and drive continuous improvement
identify, scope and deliver technology and innovation services that create measurable business value for our customers
support presales activities by contributing project expertise, estimates and delivery concepts when needed
Requirements
At least 5 years of experience as an IT project manager
experience in shaping and leading teams across multiple stages of the project delivery lifecycle
experience and knowledge of Scrum or any other project management method
know-how in delivering complex software projects with various internal and external stakeholders
experience in developing RFP responses, project estimation, staffing and other pre-sales related activities
a consulting attitude and the ability to handle discussions in German and English
As a person, we believe you are a team player who takes action and demonstrates responsibility to organize your work and solve your tasks. You are passionate about all tasks around project management: team building, planning, cost and budget handling and discussions with the customer. You drive execution passionately to add customer value and take ownership of your results and delivered quality. You will continue to both learn from, and coach your colleagues, so communication is important for us. Technology is developing fast, so learning new innovative technologies is something you strive to do.
We also believe you have
relevant project management certifications, such as IPMA or PMI
What we offer
We offer you professional growth, meaningful projects, open culture, and an outstanding work-life balance! We offer you an opportunity to create the future of a growing, fast-developing, and important sector. We believe that our organizational culture is an important part of enabling you to be successful. We provide a flexible hybrid work model as part of our culture and way of working. Finally, we also believe in curiosity and learning as a lifestyle where you need to unlearn and relearn every day as new possibilities emerge.
Location: Berlin / Regensburg
Additional Information
At Tieto, we believe in the power of diversity, equity, and inclusion. We encourage applicants of all backgrounds, genders (m/f/d), and walks of life to join our team, as we believe that this fosters an inspiring workplace and fuels innovation. Our commitment to openness, trust, and diversity is at the heart of our mission to create digital futures that benefit businesses, societies, and humanity.
Diversity, equity and inclusion (tietoevry.com)
Company info
Tieto is a leading software and digital engineering services company with global market reach and capabilities. We provide customers across different industries with mission-critical solutions through our specialized software businesses Tieto Caretech, Tieto Banktech and Tieto Indtech, as well as Tieto Tech Consulting business. Join our 15 000 talented vertical software, design, cloud and AI experts and empower our customers to succeed and innovate with the latest technology.
Since 2000, Tieto has been represented in Germany. With about 100 experts, Tietoevry Germany is committed to develop enterprises and society through IT by realizing new opportunities in customers' business transformation.
We believe in professional development and results by supporting our customers on their journey into a meaningful digital future
Do you have a strong project management background, passion for problem-solving, and want to join one of the largest tech companies in the Nordics? Then this is the role for you!
We are looking for a
(Senior) IT Project Manager
who wants to be part of Tieto Tech Consulting. Tieto Tech Consulting works as a true partner, solving clients' toughest technology challenges and delivering reliable outcomes that drive measurable results. By merging data, cloud, AI and design with deep industry expertise, we create impactful yet intuitive digital solutions that empower people and move businesses forward.
With a global team of 8,000 colleagues, we are constantly striving to develop and grow. Our customers trust in our solutions, which is why we are continuously looking for new talents. We are continuing to strengthen our presence in the German market and are expanding our operations with a clear focus on future growth. To support this journey, we are looking for new colleagues to join our team in
Berlin and/or Regensburg
.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése