Cég neve
Tieto Germany GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
SAP
Elvárások
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
SAP
Német
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Design and implement robust and innovative SAP architectures tailored to customer needs
Lead solution development across SAP modules, ensuring alignment with customer business goals
Stay ahead of the curve by exploring and integrating new SAP technologies
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver scalable and future-ready solutions
Provide strategic guidance on SAP best practices and emerging trends
Requirements
We value diverse backgrounds and welcome candidates who bring:
Proven experience in SAP solution architecture
Deep understanding of SAP S/4HANA, SAP BTP, SAP Cloud and other modern SAP platforms
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a proactive mindset
Passion for continuous learning and staying up-to-date with new SAP developments
A consulting mindset and fluency in both German and English
As an individual, you are a team player who takes initiative and ownership. You communicate clearly, organize your work effectively, and enjoy solving complex challenges. You're eager to learn and share knowledge, and you thrive in a fast-evolving technology landscape.
What we offer
We offer you professional growth, meaningful projects, open culture, and an outstanding work-life balance!
We offer you an opportunity to create the future of a growing, fast-developing, and important sector.
We believe that our organizational culture is an important part of enabling you to be successful.
We provide a flexible hybrid work model as part of our culture and way of working. While travel may occur, it is not expected to happen weekly.
Finally, we also believe in curiosity and learning as a lifestyle where you need to unlearn and relearn every day as new possibilities emerge.
Locations: Vienna, Linz, Graz, Berlin, Regensburg
Additional Information
At Tieto, we believe in the power of diversity, equity, and inclusion. We encourage applicants of all backgrounds, genders (m/f/d), and walks of life to join our team, as we believe that this fosters an inspiring workplace and fuels innovation. Our commitment to openness, trust, and diversity is at the heart of our mission to create digital futures that benefit businesses, societies, and humanity.
Diversity, equity and inclusion (tietoevry.com)
Company info
Tieto is a leading software and digital engineering services company with global market reach and capabilities. We provide customers across different industries with mission-critical solutions through our specialized software businesses Tieto Caretech, Tieto Banktech and Tieto Indtech, as well as Tieto Tech Consulting business. Join our 15 000 talented vertical software, design, cloud and AI experts and empower our customers to succeed and innovate with the latest technology.
Since 2000, Tieto has been represented in Germany. With about 100 experts, Tietoevry Germany is committed to develop enterprises and society through IT by realizing new opportunities in customers' business transformation.
We believe in professional development and results by supporting our customers on their journey into a meaningful digital future
Are you ready to lead the way in SAP innovation? Then this position at Tieto Tech Consulting might be perfect for you! Tieto Tech Consulting is the leading digital accelerator for innovation and sustainable value creation. We combine business design with software engineering to bring digital business to life.
Join our SAP Integration & Technology team – where trust, ownership and curiosity drive us. We are looking for an experienced SAP Solution Architect who combines passion for modern tech with interest in driving innovation across our customers' SAP landscape.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése