Cég neve
Tieto Germany GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
DYNAMICS
CRM
CLOUD
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
DYNAMICS
CRM
CLOUD
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
In this role, your focus is the design, positioning, pre-sale support and technical shaping of modern contact center solutions. You will work closely with sales, delivery teams, and customers to design scalable, integrated, and operationally sound customer service platforms based on Genesys, Novomind and Microsoft Dynamics 365 Contact Center.
Act as the Lead Solution Architect in pre-sales engagements for contact center projects
Design end-to-end contact center architectures, including:
Omnichannel routing (voice, chat, e-mail, messaging)
IVR / call flows / routing logic
Voice-, Mail- and Chatbots
Workforce and quality components
Lead technical solution workshops with customers
Translate business and service requirements into concrete platform architectures
Define integration concepts with CRM systems (especially MS Dynamics 365)
Support RFPs, proposals, estimations and solution presentations
Collaborate with delivery teams to ensure architectural feasibility and scalability
Act as a trusted advisor for customers in service and contact center modernization initiatives
Requirements
You are a motivated and experienced CX consultant with:
Several years of experience as Contact Center Solution Architect, Technical Consultant or Pre-Sales Architect
Strong hands-on knowledge of Contact Center solutions at least, ideally with one of the following platforms:
Genesys (Cloud or Engage)
Novomind
Dynamics 365 Contact Center
Experience in integration contact center platforms with surrounding systems (e.g. CRM, 3rd party AI, IAM, etc.)
Ability to explain technical concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Strong pre-sales mindset: solution design, demos, presentations, customer discussions
Excellent communication and presentation skills with ability to engage both technical and business audiences
Fluency in English and German
What we offer
We offer
We offer you professional growth, meaningful projects, open culture, and an outstanding work-life balance!
We offer you an opportunity to create the future of a growing, fast-developing, and important sector.
We believe that our organizational culture is an important part of enabling you to be successful.
We provide a flexible hybrid work model as part of our culture and way of working.
Finally, we also believe in curiosity and learning as a lifestyle where you need to unlearn and relearn every day as new possibilities emerge.
Location: Vienna, Linz, Graz, Berlin, Regensburg
Additional Information
At Tieto, we believe in the power of diversity, equity, and inclusion. We encourage applicants of all backgrounds, genders (m/f/d), and walks of life to join our team, as we believe that this fosters an inspiring workplace and fuels innovation. Our commitment to openness, trust, and diversity is at the heart of our mission to create digital futures that benefit businesses, societies, and humanity.
Diversity, equity and inclusion (tietoevry.com)
Company info
Tieto is a leading software and digital engineering services company with global market reach and capabilities. We provide customers across different industries with mission-critical solutions through our specialized software businesses Tieto Caretech, Tieto Banktech and Tieto Indtech, as well as Tieto Tech Consulting business. Join our 15 000 talented vertical software, design, cloud and AI experts and empower our customers to succeed and innovate with the latest technology.
Since 2000, Tieto has been represented in Germany. With about 100 experts, Tietoevry Germany is committed to develop enterprises and society through IT by realizing new opportunities in customers' business transformation.
We believe in professional development and results by supporting our customers on their journey into a meaningful digital future
We are looking for a Senior Contact Center Solution Architect with strong pre-sales experience and affinity to support complex customer engagements around enterprise-grade contact center platforms.
Tieto Tech Consulting works as a true partner, solving customers' toughest technology challenges and delivering reliable outcomes that drive measurable results. By merging data, cloud, AI and design with deep industry expertise, we create impactful yet intuitive digital solutions that empower people and move businesses forward.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése