Cég neve
Tieto Germany GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
FRONTEND
REACT
ANGULAR
BACKEND
CLOUD
AZURE
C
ASP.
TESTING
AGILE
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
FRONTEND
REACT
ANGULAR
BACKEND
CLOUD
AZURE
C
ASP.
TESTING
AGILE
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As part of our experienced Web Development team, you'll collaborate with cross-functional teams, shape modern interfaces, and contribute to decisions that influence our customer's technology landscape.
Design, develop, and implement high-quality and state-of-the-art frontend applications tailored to our customers' needs
Work hands-on with React, Angular, and other modern Frontend Frameworks
Collaborate with UI/UX designers, backend engineers and project managers to create visually appealing and user-friendly IT solutions
Ensure accessibility (WCAG 2.1 or newer), performance, and scalability across our solutions
Mentor team members and contribute to continuous improvement
Contribute to the design and implementation of cloud-native web solutions on hyperscaler platforms (e.g. Azure), including architecture decisions and best practices
Continuously evaluate and introduce new tools, frameworks, and practices
Requirements
4+ years of experience in frontend or fullstack development
Strong proficiency in React and/or Angular
Knowledge of backend technologies like C# and ASP.NET is nice to have
Very good understanding of web standards, responsive design and testing practices
A curious mindset and willingness to learn and share knowledge
Leverage AI-assisted development tools (e.g. GitHub Copilot) to improve code quality, productivity, documentation, and problem-solving
Familiarity with CI/CD pipelines and cloud-based deployment workflows
Critically evaluate and responsibly apply AI tools in day-to-day development workflows
Very good German and English skills
As a person, we believe you are a team player who takes action and demonstrates responsibility to organize your work and solve your tasks. With our agile end-to-end development process, you will continue to both learn from, and coach your colleagues, so communication is important for us. Technology is developing fast, so learning new innovative technologies is something you strive to do.
What we offer
We offer you professional growth, meaningful projects, open culture, and an outstanding work-life balance!
We offer you an opportunity to create the future of a growing, fast-developing, and important sector.
We believe that our organizational culture is an important part of enabling you to be successful.
We provide a flexible hybrid work model as part of our culture and way of working.
Finally, we also believe in curiosity and learning as a lifestyle where you need to unlearn and relearn every day as new possibilities emerge.
Location: Vienna, Linz, Graz, Berlin
Additional Information
At Tieto, we believe in the power of diversity, equity, and inclusion. We encourage applicants of all backgrounds, genders (m/f/d), and walks of life to join our team, as we believe that this fosters an inspiring workplace and fuels innovation. Our commitment to openness, trust, and diversity is at the heart of our mission to create digital futures that benefit businesses, societies, and humanity.
Diversity, equity and inclusion (tietoevry.com)
Company info
Tieto is a leading software and digital engineering services company with global market reach and capabilities. We provide customers across different industries with mission-critical solutions through our specialized software businesses Tieto Caretech, Tieto Banktech and Tieto Indtech, as well as Tieto Tech Consulting business. Join our 15 000 talented vertical software, design, cloud and AI experts and empower our customers to succeed and innovate with the latest technology.
Since 2000, Tieto has been represented in Germany. With about 100 experts, Tietoevry Germany is committed to develop enterprises and society through IT by realizing new opportunities in customers' business transformation.
We believe in professional development and results by supporting our customers on their journey into a meaningful digital future
Are you passionate about crafting seamless digital experiences? Tieto Tech Consulting is looking for a
(Senior) Web Developer
to help build innovative, user-centric solutions that make a real impact.
We are looking for an experienced Web Developer who wants to be part of Tieto Tech Consulting. Tieto Tech Consulting is the leading digital accelerator for innovation and sustainable value creation. We combine business design with software engineering to bring digital business to life.
With a global team of 9,000 colleagues, we are constantly striving to develop and grow. Our customers trust in our solutions, which is why we are continuously looking for new talents. We are continuing to strengthen our presence in the German market and are expanding our operations with a clear focus on future growth. To support this journey, we are looking for new colleagues to join our team in Berlin.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése