Cég neve
Deutsche Bank AG
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
HARDWARE
BACKEND
FRONTEND
DEVOPS
AGILE
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
HARDWARE
BACKEND
FRONTEND
DEVOPS
AGILE
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Our Berlin Technology Centre has a strong focus on promoting technical excellence – our engineers work at the forefront of financial services innovation using cutting-edge technologies. You will work alongside the brightest minds in the business, as you develop your digital skills and explore where you can apply them to make the greatest impact on our industry and clients across the world. If you are interested in working on agile projects, learning programming languages and want to design and develop innovative products and technical solutions using state-of-the-art software and hardware, this is the role for you. Your manager and team will support you in developing your skills and you will be part of a wider team implementing our core strategic systems underpinning our businesses. Your specific assignments and tasks will depend on which of our teams you join and how long your internship with us lasts. You can explore Backend, Frontend, Fullstack, DevOps, QA & Automaton, Product Design (UX/UI) and Business Analysis Roles.
Requirements
Our internship will give you the professional skills you need to start your career. For us, creativity and flexibility are key. That's why we are looking for technical talents who are able to thrive in our diverse culture.
Are you studying computer science, mathematics, industrial engineering or a comparable scientific discipline with a strong IT focus?
Are you interested in innovative technology and financial issues?
Have you already gained some practical experience, especially in programming?
Are your communication skills well-developed, and are you fluent in English?
Are you a responsible, committed team player with excellent analytical skills and a quick grasp?
What we offer
Feeling healthy, engaged, and well-supported, enables us to do our best work and get the most out of life outside of the office. That's why Deutsche Bank is committed to providing benefits and programmes centred around wellbeing.
Your further internship benefits:
Competitive salary
Flexible working conditions e.g. partially remote working (depending on role)
Professional skill training, learning portal
Regular offers as part of our retention programme for interns (dbSteps Community, networking events)
Experienced mentor and graduate buddy from day one
About us and our teams:
Our values define the working environment we strive to create – where our people have a sense of belonging and everyone feels welcomed, respected and can contribute and grow. We know that high-performing teams have different skills, backgrounds, and experiences. We collaborate, encourage and enable open dialogue and diversity of views. We build talented and diverse teams to drive business results and encourage our people to develop to their full potential. Talk to us about flexible work arrangements and other initiatives we offer.
We promote good working relationships and encourage high standards of conduct and work performance. We welcome applications from talented people from all cultures, countries, races, genders, sexual orientations, disabilities, beliefs and generations and are committed to providing a working environment free from harassment, discrimination and retaliation.
Visit Inside Deutsche Bank to discover more about the culture of Deutsche Bank including Diversity, Equity & Inclusion, Leadership, Learning, Future of Work and more besides.
Company info
Duration: 2–6 months, period to be agreed individually
About your internship:
The Deutsche Bank Internship Programme is designed to help you develop your skills through formal training and continuous support. You'll quickly gain the confidence to take on real projects by learning first-hand how and what we deliver for clients worldwide. You'll feel supported by colleagues from across our business and start to develop your professional network.
About Technology, Data & Innovation:
Technology underpins Deutsche Bank's entire business and is changing and shaping the way we engage, interact, and transact with our stakeholders, internally and externally. Our Technology, Data and Innovation (TDI) strategy is strengthening our engineering expertise, introducing an agile delivery model, and is modernising the bank's IT infrastructure. We are making long-term investments and leveraging advanced cloud technologies along with cutting-edge AI tools to foster innovation and drive our success. We are growing a team of visionary technology talent that will ensure that we thrive in this period of unprecedented change for the industry. That means hiring the right people and giving them the training, freedom and opportunity they need to do pioneering work.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése