Cég neve
Diligent Governance Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
ACCESS
SECURITY
AWS
ISO
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
3-5 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
ACCESS
SECURITY
AWS
ISO
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
3-5
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Design, implement, and manage identity and access management solutions across multiple platforms (e.g., cloud and on-premises)
Develop and enforce IAM policies, standards, and procedures
Provide technical expertise and support in deploying, configuring, and maintaining IAM systems, including role-based access control, single sign-on (SSO), and multi-factor authentication (MFA)
Ensure compliance with regulatory requirements and internal security policies by conducting regular audits and access reviews
Collaborate with other security and IT teams to integrate IAM solutions into global security architecture
Monitor IAM systems for security breaches, investigate incidents, and mitigate threats
Provide guidance and training to other teams on IAM best practices and security protocols
Document IAM processes and procedures, and ensure they are up-to-date and accessible to relevant stakeholders
Requirements
3+ years in Information Security, Information Technology or Development related positions
BS/BA in Computer Science or a related field or equivalent experience
Proven experience in identity and access management, including implementation and maintenance of IAM solutions
Familiarity with security frameworks and standards related to IAM, such as NIST and ISO
Familiarity with IAM technologies (e.g., OAuth, SCIM, LDAP etc.)
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work collaboratively in cross-functional teams
Detail-oriented with a proactive approach to problem-solving
Able to produce advanced reporting
Nice-to-have
Certifications in IAM and security domains (e.g., Okta Certified Professional, SC-300, CISSP, CISM), Development experience, Knowledge of advanced security practices in the IAM domain (e.g. ZSP, Phishing resistant AuthN, role mining), Amazon Web Services (AWS) IAM and Identity Center experience, Okta or Entra experience
What we offer
Flexible work environment
Global days of service
Comprehensive health benefits
Meeting free days
Generous time off policy
Wellness programs
Hybrid work model with onsite work at least 50% of the time if within commuting distance to an office
Company info
Diligent is the AI leader in governance, risk and compliance (GRC) SaaS solutions, helping more than 1 million users and 700,000 board members to clarify risk and elevate governance. The Diligent One Platform gives practitioners, the C-Suite and the board a consolidated view of their entire GRC practice so they can more effectively manage risk, build greater resilience and make better decisions, faster.
At Diligent, we're building the future with people who think boldly and move fast. Whether you're designing systems that leverage large language models or part of a team reimaging workflows with AI, you'll help us unlock entirely new ways of working and thinking. Curiosity is in our DNA, we look for individuals willing to ask the big questions and experiment fearlessly - those who embrace change not as a challenge, but as an opportunity. The future belongs to those who keep learning, and we are building it together. At Diligent, you’re not just building the future - you’re an agent of positive change, joining a global community on a mission to make an impact.
Diligent created the modern governance movement. Our world-changing idea is to empower leaders with the technology, insights and connections they need to drive greater impact and accountability – to lead with purpose. Our employees are passionate, smart, and creative people who not only want to help build the software company of the future, but who want to make the world a more sustainable, equitable and better place.
Headquartered in New York, Diligent has offices in Washington D.C., London, Galway, Budapest, Vancouver, Bengaluru, Munich, Singapore and Sydney.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Security
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése