Cég neve
VOIS
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
1087 Budapest, Hungária krt. 40-44.
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Mobiltelefon
Cafeteria
Szakmai tréningek
Egészségbiztosítás
Élet- és balesetbiztosítás
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Biztosított eszközök
Laptop
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Mobiltelefon
Cafeteria
Szakmai
tréningek
Egészségbiztosítás
Élet-
és balesetbiztosítás
Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Laptop
Angol
felsőfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Who we are
VOIS (Vodafone Intelligent Solutions) is a strategic arm of Vodafone Group Plc, creating value for customers by delivering intelligent solutions through Talent, Technology & Transformation.
As the largest shared services organisation in the global telco industry with 30,000 FTE, our portfolio of next-generation solutions and services are designed in partnership with customers across Vodafone Group, local markets, and partner markets to simplify and drive growth.
About this role
We are seeking an experienced IT Solution Manager to design and manage secure, scalable, and future‑ready IT solutions that support business objectives and enhance customer experiences. The individual will collaborate closely with cross‑functional teams, influence end‑to‑end solution journeys, and contribute to long‑term IT roadmaps. This role is ideal for someone who combines strategic thinking with hands‑on technical expertise and thrives in a collaborative, fast‑moving environment.
What you will do
Review and validate business demand, ensuring alignment with coherent end‑to‑end customer journeys and translating requirements into clear design documentation, including user stories, technical specifications, and architecture diagrams.
Design modern, cost‑efficient, secure IT solutions that prioritise performance, scalability, and long‑term reliability while identifying dependencies across impacted platforms.
Oversee solution delivery and operational readiness, ensuring timely implementation and effective ongoing operation of IT solutions.
Consolidate business requirements into IT roadmaps that support strategic objectives, aligning them with business and technology stakeholders.
Collaborate closely with UX designers, developers, testers, and DevSecOps teams to ensure design feasibility and smooth implementation.
Communicate and coordinate effectively with internal stakeholders and external vendors to support high‑quality solution outcomes.
Who you are
You bring at least 5 years’ experience in IT solution design, system architecture, or software engineering.
You have a strong track record in leading complex IT initiatives and delivering enterprise‑grade solutions.
You ideally have experience in self‑service or e‑commerce applications, with a strong focus on user experience and customer satisfaction.
You demonstrate proficiency in system analysis, software development and project management.
You are experienced in working with SAFe or other agile methodologies such as Kanban, Lean, or Flight Levels.
You hold a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Software Engineering or a related field.
What’s in it for you
A dynamic environment where innovative ideas are always welcome
A collaborative community where your professional goals and work are supported by a diverse team
Access to internal and external trainings via other providers
A supportive internal coaching and mentoring culture
Corporate assets including a laptop and mobile phone with One Business Mobile Superior subscription (unlimited voice, text message, and data within the EU)
Cafeteria package
Private Medical Services
Employee Assistance Program to support your well-being and mental health
Life and accident insurance
You can work remotely overseas for 20 days a year
16 weeks fully paid parental leave. This applies to all non-birthing partners who become parents due to birth or adoption
You and your family members can enjoy several discounts from our partners
You will be working in a hybrid model, which means 3 days working from home with 2 days office visit per week
Work extras
Canteen
Cafe
Shower
Corporate events
Bicycle storage
Parking
Sports facilities
Free coffee, soft drinks
Massage
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
UI-,
UX designer
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése