Cég neve
Universität Heidelberg
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
C++
C
PYTHON
R
TESTING
NETWORK
ACCESS
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
C++
C
PYTHON
R
TESTING
NETWORK
ACCESS
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Development of scientific software for research projects in close consultation with researchers
Advising researchers on the development and use of research software in terms of software quality and computational efficiency
Conception and development of software documentation and user tutorials
Requirements
Preferably a doctoral degree, but MSc are also encouraged to apply
Expert knowledge in one or several of the following
High Performance Computing
GPU computing
Array Computing with JAX
A background in astrophysics is a plus, but not required
Experience with research software development during university study and/or completion of Master-s / PhD / further academic employment
Excellent knowledge of at least one programming language relevant to scientific computing, i. e. C++, C, Fortran, Python, R
Excellent communication skills
Good working knowledge of software development best practices: version control, documentation, automated testing, CI/CD etc.
Independent, structured way of working
Ability to work in teams and communicate progress
Very good knowledge of English
What we offer
Involvement in cutting-edge research projects in an international environment
Flexible working hours and a good work-life balance, e. g. also through the possibility of part-time employment
Opportunity for further training and building a professional network by participating in national and international conferences
A dedicated team that supports each other
Modern workplace and attractive location in Neuenheimer Feld with good public transport connections
Job ticket
Access to our university sports offers and language courses
Company info
Heidelberg University is a comprehensive university with a pronounced research orientation and international outlook. With approx. 31,300 students and 8,400 staff members, including numerous top-ranking researchers, it is a renowned institution worldwide and is also of outstanding economic significance for the Rhine-Neckar Metropolitan Region.
The Scientific Software Center (SSC) at the Interdisciplinary Center for Scientific Computing, Heidelberg University, aims to improve sustainability of research software and professionalization of its development. The SSC develops software solutions for this purpose, advises researchers and promotes the recognition of Research Software Engineers (RSEs) in the scientific community. We are looking to expand our team as soon as possible with a
Academic Researcher: Research Software Engineer (f/m/d)
Full-time
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése