Cég neve
EOS Holding
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
BACKUP
SECURITY
TESTING
ISO
NETWORK
CLOUD
DEVOPS
INCIDENT MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
BACKUP
SECURITY
TESTING
ISO
NETWORK
CLOUD
DEVOPS
INCIDENT
MANAGEMENT
Angol
felsőfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Developing and refining IT resilience, backup and disaster recovery concepts on a group-wide level.
Assessing existing backup, restore and recovery capabilities, including resilience against ransomware and large-scale failures.
Defining standards and recommendations for resilient IT system design, balancing security, feasibility and business impact.
Supporting testing, exercises and continuous improvement of incident response and disaster recovery processes.
Monitoring relevant threat and vulnerability trends, assessing potential relevance for EOS and triggering appropriate follow-up actions.
Acting as an advisor during major security incidents and supporting governance, crisis management and post-incident improvement initiatives.
Collaborating with IT projects as a security coach and consultant, from design to decommissioning.
Requirements
You have successfully completed your studies and minimum 5 years of relevant professional experience. Properly qualified career changers are also welcome!
Experience with security frameworks (e.g. NIST CSF, ISO 2700x)
Proven expertise in incident management and operational resilience
Strong technical understanding (network & cloud security, DevOps / DevSecOps)
Analytical, consultative mindset with strong stakeholder communication skills
Structured, independent and resilient working style
Fluent English; German skills are a plus
What we offer
Flexible Working Hours - with flexitime and compensatory time off
Holiday and Christmas Bonus - special Christmas payment and €1000 holiday bonus
Corporate Benefits and Employee Discount - 15% discount at Otto and additional perks through the benefits portal
Hybrid Work - work partially remotely
Workation - work up to 30 days in European countries
Subsidy for the "Deutschlandticket" - discounted mobility for you
Company info
Do you want to make a difference, network with EOS colleagues across borders and scale secure IT services and products globally? Then you've come to the right place at EOS Group! We automate financial transactions and communication processes with the help of modern technologies. After all, excellent business processes start with secure IT – in 24 countries across Europe.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Security
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése