Cég neve
KOSTAL Global Business Services Center Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Nézze meg a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét!
Ft/hó
Megnézem
Ön felfedte a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét
N.
e Ft/hó
Részletek
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Részmunkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
Nem kell tapasztalat
Egyetem

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Részmunkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
Nem
kell tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Review IT service tickets for completeness, accuracy, and adherence to defined standards.
Check correct categorization, prioritization, and status usage.
Identify missing or unclear information in tickets.
Flag quality issues and deviations for correction.
Track and report common ticket quality issues.
Prepare quality summaries and dashboards.
Provide structured feedback to ticket handlers in coordination with senior colleagues.
Support improvement initiatives related to ticket quality.
Identify potential shift-left opportunities (L2 → L1, L1 → self-service) based on ticket analysis.
Flag topics suitable for knowledge articles, FAQs, or standard procedures.
Support improvement initiatives based on ticket data.
Track identified shift-left candidates and their status.
Requirements
Ongoing university studies, available at least until January 2027
Ideally experience with document management systems
Ideally basic understanding of ITIL concept
Fluent in English
Practical and pragmatic approach to daily operational tasks, with a strong focus on accuracy and attention to detail.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Collaborative mindset.
Able to organize work independently while following defined standards and priorities.
Proactive in identifying inconsistencies or improvement opportunities and addressing them within assigned responsibilities.
Highly organized and reliable.
Strong sense of ownership and accountability.
Comfortable working with cross-functional and international teams.
What we offer
Flexible working conditions with remote work possibility (in-person presence is required from time to time), you can have a real work-life balance
Modern, newly renovated, sustainable office with parking space and bicycle storage area in the heart of Budapest
Supportive, diverse and highly skilled community
Ability to really make a difference and build new processes from scratch, you can participate in the formation and shape of the BSC processes
KOSTAL is a dynamically developing company, an independent, family-run business which provides much flexibility
You can enjoy our value-oriented work culture: we are down-to-earth, appreciative, inspiring and innovative
Workplace extras
Canteen
Cafe
Shower
Corporate events
Bicycle storage
Parking
Company info
KOSTAL Group is a global, family-owned German company that develops market-leading solutions for the solar and automotive industries. The company has been established in 1912 and employs about 20 000 people at 47 locations in 22 countries. In Hungary, KOSTAL is about to build its first business service centre to provide business support in IT, finance, procurement, master data, sales and HR fields. This will be a global centre with high value-added and complex processes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Administration,
Assistance, Office Work
Data
Analyst
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése