Cég neve
Fraunhofer-Institut für Integrierte Schaltungen IIS
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
NETWORK
IIS
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
NETWORK
IIS
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Our international team at Fraunhofer IIS is shaping the future of IoT by developing cutting‑edge wireless data transmission technologies such as mioty®, a leading Low Power Wide Area Network (LPWAN) standard. mioty® is deployed across smart metering, smart cities, industrial IoT and building automation.
As
Business Development Manager Asia
, you will be based at Fraunhofer IIS in Nuremberg and co-develop and execute our regional commercial activities across Asia and other countries. You will coordinate the market activities and drive strategic growth with local operators, integrators, device makers, and ecosystem partners. In addition, you will collaborate closely with the Field Application Engineer to ensure successful pilot projects, customer onboarding, and technical enablement in the region.
Go-to-Market Leadership:
You co-develop regional go to market strategies for India, China, Japan and additional Asian markets, aligned with Fraunhofer IIS leadership and global strategy.
Enablement and Performance:
You cooperate with and mentor our business partners in Asia, ensuring structured pipeline management, sales execution, forecasting accuracy and strategic account prioritization.
Technical Delivery and Customer Success:
You work closely with the Field Application Engineer to ensure seamless technical delivery: planning of pilot projects, customer onboarding and post sales support.
Stakeholder Engagement:
You build strong executive level relationships with utilities, city authorities, telecom operators, system integrators, device manufacturers and coordinate the expansion of the mioty® ecosystem.
Deal Structuring:
You lead opportunity qualification and structured reporting, including technical/commercial proposals, pricing frameworks, contracts and negotiations.
Thought Leadership:
You represent Fraunhofer IIS at industry events in Europe and Asia, positioning mioty® as a leading LPWAN standard.
Strategic Insights:
You monitor market developments and derive strategic recommendations for product and business development.
Requirements
University degree in Business, Engineering, Telecommunications, Computer Science
or a related field.
Experience in technical B2B sales or business development within IoT
preferably in the field of
Smart Metering
and -Cities, connectivity, telecommunications or industrial automation.
Proven sales leadership skills
, ideally with experience managing regional sales or cross‑country teams in APAC.
Strong understanding of IoT technologies
, wireless communications and preferably
LPWAN
ecosystems (mioty®, LoRaWAN, NB‑IoT or comparable networks).
Excellent cross‑cultural communication skills
and the ability to work effectively with partners and customers across India, China and Japan.
Willingness
to travel regularly across Asia (20–30%)
and other countries.
Fluent English and German required;
knowledge of additional regional languages is a strong advantage.
What we offer
An exciting role:
We offer a diverse and challenging field of work in an international environment, oriented toward state-of-the-art research and technology.
Room for creativity:
Projects with strong practical components motivate our employees to drive innovation.
We value personal contact:
With our structured onboarding process, you will quickly become familiar with our institute and be able to extend your network successfully.
Taking your needs seriously:
We support your work-life balance by offering flexible working hours and hybrid work.
International networking:
The opportunity to extend your visibility, both in science and in industry.
Top of the line infrastructure at your workplace:
With our state-of-the-art technologies, we develop solutions to meet the challenges of today and tomorrow.
Your goals and interests are important to us:
We offer ongoing professional and personal seminars, coaching, and language classes.
We offer equal opportunities:
Our female scientists, for example, benefit from the »Fraunhofer TALENTA« career program.
We offer complementary parking spaces, charging stations for electric cars and covered bicycle parking, and showers at the institute.
In-house health management:
Including sports courses, running groups, and relaxation seminars.
Company info
The Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft is one of the world's leading applied research organizations. In more than 70 institutes, we develop groundbreaking technologies for industry and society — or, to be more specific, over 30,000 people in the fields of technology, engineering, science, research, administration and IT make this possible. They all know that Fraunhofer is the place to be for those who are eager and able to effect change. For themselves, for us and for current and future markets.
Welcome to the Fraunhofer Institute for Integrated Circuits IIS, headquartered in Erlangen! As the largest institute within the Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft with over 1 200 employees, we have been conducting research for over 30 years in diverse fields such as artificial intelligence, microelectronics, sensor systems, data acquisition, signal processing, and signal transmission. Talented individuals from various engineering and natural science disciplines will find a wide range of exciting research topics under one roof. A few highlights that reflect our innovative strength include neuromorphic computing, 5G/6G mobile communication technologies, generative AI in speech and signal processing, and X-ray imaging for e-mobility. And that's just the beginning!
What sustainable solution will you find with us?
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése