Cég neve
NTT DATA Business Solutions AG
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
SAP
AZURE
AWS
NETWORK
SAP®
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
SAP
AZURE
AWS
NETWORK
SAP®
Angol
felsőfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Do you love challenges?
■ In your role, you will be responsible for identifying and evaluating market trends and new technologies for IaaS and Paas Services for our SAP customer base (Managed Cloud Services).
■ You will play an active role in creating managed services portfolio roadmaps.
■ Your tasks will also include designing new global managed cloud portfolio services in terms of content, offerings, and cost calculation.
■ You will take on end-to-end service offer management (go-to-market, portfolio, delivery) with a focus on portfolio lifecycle management and support the sales and presales teams with your expertise.
■ You will maintain key product documentation (SOWs, costing, pricing, sales enablement) in collaboration with Presales & Bid Management
■ Your responsibilities also include providing internal teams with product knowledge and conducting enablement sessions to ensure readiness for market launch.
■ Finally, you will be responsible for preparing decision-making templates for senior/executive management.
Requirements
■ You have successfully completed a degree in (business) information technology, economics or a comparable qualification.
■ You have at least 3-5 years of professional experience in SAP technology consulting, operations and support.
■ You already have comprehensive knowledge of Hyperscalers (Azure, AWS, GCP), Infrastructure-as-a-Service or Platform-as-a-Service as well as SAP products and technology (S/4HANA, SAP Netweaver, SAP ECC).
■ Knowledge of automation and AI is an advantage.
■ You are fluent in written and spoken English and/or German.
■ Occasional travel, including (inter)nationally, is not a challenge for you.
■ You are characterized by customer-oriented thinking and acting, combined with strong communication and presentation skills and a confident manner. A team-oriented approach to work – including in an international environment – rounds off your profile.
What we offer
Full or part time
Location:
Germany, Romania or Bulgaria
We have a holistic view of the individual needs of our employees. Here you can find a detailed overview of our wide variety of benefits during different life phases.
■
Flexible working hours and locations
: workation, mobile working, part-time models, sabbaticals, etc.
■
Your further development by plan:
topic-specific induction, targeted career development based on career models, programs and your own academy
■
Family first:
e.g. daycare allowance, paid maternity leave and paternity network
■
SAP Platinum Partnership
: strong SAP partnership, large knowledge network, and SAP Learning Hub and certification opportunities.
■
We take care
: e.g. 25% subsidy for company pension plan, company health management and cooperation with fitness providers
■
We help you get from A to B:
company car (depending on your role), discount on public transport and bicycle leasing via JobRad®.
Do you have questions about diversity, equity, and inclusion at NTT DATA Business Solutions? You can find more information here.
We believe that diversity, equity, inclusion, and wellbeing fuel innovation and ensure an exceptional customer and employee experience. We welcome applicants of all genders, backgrounds, ages, sexual orientations, lifestyles, religions, and types of disabilities.
Feel free to contact our colleagues at
We transform. SAP® solutions into Value
Company info
At NTT DATA Business Solutions, we drive innovation – from advisory and implementation to managed services and beyond, powered by a global team of over 18,500 experts representing over 90 nations in more than 30 countries. With SAP at our core and a powerful ecosystem of partners like Microsoft and ServiceNow, we continuously improve solutions and AI-driven technology to make them work for companies – and for their people.
We are part of NTT DATA, a $30+ billion business and technology services, AI and digital infrastructure leader. As a Global Top Employer, NTT DATA serves 75% of the Fortune Global 100 and, with experts in over 70 countries, co-innovates solutions that encourage experimentation and recognize great work.
With us, you have endless opportunities to think big, act bold and take ownership. Make this the place where you belong, learn, and build your network.
Make this the place where
you
grow.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése