Cég neve
ParshipMeet Group
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
AGILE
TESTING
CRM
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
AGILE
TESTING
CRM
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Identify, analyze, and prioritize customer (Parship, ElitePartner & eharmony) needs
Derive clear hypotheses from existing data/insights—even with incomplete information
Translate needs into product initiatives with measurable customer value and business impact
Make product decisions, justify them, and communicate transparently (including trade-offs/risks)
Own backlog prioritization and maintenance, with a focus on impact and continuous learning
Plan and evaluate experiments (e.g., A/B tests) where meaningful
Ensure stakeholder alignment (e.g., Brand, Marketing, CRM, Business)
Requirements
Several years of experience in product management, ideally in a digital B2C environment
High level of independence & ownership: you drive topics proactively and make strong decisions—never at the expense of team success
Experience supporting an organization through change, and building/improving structures where you see opportunities
Confidence in agile collaboration, product concept work, and stakeholder management
Strong solution mindset, openness to feedback and learning, and genuine enthusiasm for our product landscape
Excellent English skills, written and spoken
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with Discovery tracks and/or OKRs
Hands-on experience with experimentation/A/B testing is a plus
German skills are a plus
What we offer
Flexible working style
Part-time opportunities
Central office
Subsidized transportation
Training & Development plans
Food and soft drinks
Health benefits
Retirement plans
Shopping discounts
Volunteer opportunities
Legendary parties
Team Building Events
At ParshipMeet, we help millions of people around the globe meet, date, and fall in love. We want our teams to be as diverse as our customer base. Constantly adding new perspectives is key to our success. We will never judge anyone by age, sex, family background, color of skin, religious beliefs nor sexual orientation. For us, it's all about skills, competencies, and you as a human being!
Company info
With revenues of more than 375 million Euros and nine apps, ParshipMeet Group is one of the three leading international Dating and Video companies. Our more than 500 employees help users all over the world to meet others – whether it's like-minded people, an exciting date, or love for life. True to the motto: Meet – Date – Fall in Love.
You will take end-to-end product ownership for a digital B2C product and evolve it with a clear focus on impact.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése