Cég neve
Mercedes-Benz AG
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
DATABASE
TESTING
MACHINE LEARNING
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
DATABASE
TESTING
MACHINE
LEARNING
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
At Mercedes-Benz Cars Development, we shape the mobility of the future. By this we mean innovative products of the highest quality as well as efficient development methods and processes.In the center MB.OS High Computing ECUs we develop the Zone Controllers with which we put Mercedes-Benz in the driver's seat for software development and software integration. For this we develop innovative technical solutions with new working methods. For our highly motivated development team we are looking for you as an Intern in our team.
The ZC SWC integration is the key player in creating the final flash-ready ECU SW for the Zone Controllers in the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MB.OS). The integration includes the continuous implementation of the communication matrices, the integration of more than 50 software applications and the further development of the classic AUTOSAR stacks. During the application integrations, we have many validation errors which we analyze and write Solving Actions to for each of those errors. To make this process more efficient, we would like to utilize ML approach.
We are seeking a motivated and detail-oriented Intern with AI background to do:
Model Research: Conduct research on possible AI models for our use case
Data Preparation: Assist in curating and preparing datasets of from our database of known errors
Model Training: Training and fine-tuning the AI agent, ensuring it learns how to accurately detect errors and suggest fixes
Testing & Validation: Test the AI agent's performance on different types of error code, validating the quality of error detection and the relevance of suggested fixes
Error Analysis: Analyze failed attempts and provide feedback to improve the AI agent's accuracy in understanding and fixing code issues
Documentation: Help document the training processes, including strategies for data preparation, error detection, and model performance improvements
The activity can begin from April 2026.
Requirements
Currently pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Data Science, or a related field
Experience with machine learning frameworks and developing AI agents is preferred (but may not be mandatory if the candidate demonstrates a strong willingness to learn and has a solid foundation in the field of Machine learning and Generative AI )
Experience with data annotation or similar tasks in AI training
Basic understanding or experience with Autosar is a plus
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills along with effective communication and collaboration skills
What You'll Gain:
Hands-on experience in training an AI system that will shape the future of software development for Automotive ECUs
Exposure to cutting-edge AI techniques in natural language processing and machine learning
Opportunity to collaborate with industry professionals who thrive on tackling complex challenges
Additional Information:
We look forward to receiving your online application, including a resume, cover letter, certificates, current certificate of enrollment stating your semester, proof of mandatory internship if applicable, and proof of the standard period of study. Please remember to mark your documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form and observe the maximum file size of 5 MB.
You can find further information on the hiring criteria
here
.
Severely disabled applicants and applicants with equivalent status are welcome! The representative for severely disabled employees (
HR Services will be happy to help you with any questions you may have about the application process. You can reach us by email at
What we offer
Meal-Discounts
Mobile Phone for Employees Possible
Discounts for Employees Possible
Annual Profit Share Possible
Events for Employees
Coaching
Flextime Possible
Hybrid Work Possible
Health Benefits
Company Retirement
Mobility Offers
Near-Site Childcare
Parking
Canteen, Café
Good Public Transport
Barrier-Free Workplace
Inhouse Doctor
Company info
Life is always about becoming… Becoming means going on a journey to be the best version of our future selves. While we discover new things, we will face challenges, master them and grow beyond our individual limits.
Apply for a job at Mercedes-Benz and find your individual role and workspace to unleash your talents to the fullest. Empowered by visionary colleagues who share the same pioneering spirit. Joining us means becoming part of a global team that aims to build the most desirable cars in the world. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: MER0003XTP
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése