Cég neve
NTT DATA Business Solutions AG
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Céges autó
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
NETWORK
SAP®
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Céges
autó
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
NETWORK
SAP®
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Do you love challenges?
Be part of a global team of experts within the
Global Innovation & Industry Consulting unit
, operating in a matrix organization across all local and regional business units. The Global Delivery Assurance team effectively defines and ensures, that projects are followings the defined delivery assurance processes, stretching from risk management inside the presales phase all the way until project delivery. You as the
Regional Delivery Assurance Manager (f/m/d)
will directly manage those processes on selected projects and will have oversight across other projects. Your main tasks will include:
■
Implementation and execution of Delivery Assurance Processes
for selected Consulting projects:
Independent risk reviews within the bid phase
Execution
of risk assessments
as part of the hand over process
Operative
risk management and risk assessment
Ensuring that
risk mitigation activities
are executed and followed
Quality Assurance reviews on selected processes
Financial monitoring of projects
■ Execute
escalation qualifications
and run the recovery process for project escalations
■ Supports
continuous improvement
of Risk & QA Management related processes within the countries in the respective region
Requirements
■ You have more than
5 years' experience in dealing with SAP
complex project delivery, including project related financials / KPI either as a project manager or a program manager
■
Multinational project experience
is strongly recommended.
■ You have more than
3 years of experience in Risk Management
and execution of Quality Assurance Reviews.
■ The
ability to work with strong autonomy
and to
organize and work with multi-profiles
teams characterize you.
■ You have strong
communication skills
with all levels of management and employees.
■ You can
influence internal and external key stakeholders
and to
motivate people
.
■
Willingness to travel for 20 - 40%
is a matter of course for you.
■
Fluent in written and spoken English
and preferably other languages round off your profile.
What we offer
Full or part time
Location:
Continental Europe
We have a holistic view of the individual needs of our employees. Here you can find a detailed overview of our wide variety of benefits during different life phases.
■
Flexible working hours and locations
: workation, mobile working, part-time models, sabbaticals, etc.
■
Your further development by plan:
topic-specific induction, targeted career development based on career models, programs and your own academy
■
Family first:
e.g. daycare allowance, paid maternity leave and paternity network
■
SAP Platinum Partnership
: strong SAP partnership, large knowledge network, and SAP Learning Hub and certification opportunities.
■
We take care
: e.g. 25% subsidy for company pension plan, company health management and cooperation with fitness providers
■
We help you get from A to B:
company car (depending on your role), discount on public transport and bicycle leasing via JobRad®.
Do you have questions about diversity, equity, and inclusion at NTT DATA Business Solutions? You can find more information here.
We believe that diversity, equity, inclusion, and wellbeing fuel innovation and ensure an exceptional customer and employee experience. We welcome applicants of all genders, backgrounds, ages, sexual orientations, lifestyles, religions, and types of disabilities.
Feel free to contact our colleagues at
We transform. SAP® solutions into Value
Company info
At NTT DATA Business Solutions, we drive innovation – from advisory and implementation to managed services and beyond, powered by a global team of over 18,500 experts representing over 90 nations in more than 30 countries. With SAP at our core and a powerful ecosystem of partners like Microsoft and ServiceNow, we continuously improve solutions and AI-driven technology to make them work for companies – and for their people.
We are part of NTT DATA, a $30+ billion business and technology services, AI and digital infrastructure leader. As a Global Top Employer, NTT DATA serves 75% of the Fortune Global 100 and, with experts in over 70 countries, co-innovates solutions that encourage experimentation and recognize great work.
With us, you have endless opportunities to think big, act bold and take ownership. Make this the place where you belong, learn, and build your network.
Make this the place where
you
grow
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése