Cég neve
Berner SE
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Étkezési jegy
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
API
SECURITY
SAP
SERVICENOW
DEVOPS
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Étkezési
jegy
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
API
SECURITY
SAP
SERVICENOW
DEVOPS
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Build a group-wide integration layer based on Workato and SAP BTP
Take responsibility for architecture design, governance, security & platform operations
Develop a scalable integration framework (recipes, APIs, events, reusable patterns)
Provide technical leadership for a growing integration team
Identify new automation & integration opportunities within the group
Define and evolve the technical roadmap for the two platforms
Collaborate closely with SAP and non-SAP areas, Enterprise Architecture & Business Units
Requirements
5+ years of integration experience, ideally with iPaaS & event-driven architecture
Expertise in Workato or SAP BTP - ideally both, or strong willingness to learn
Solid understanding of APIs, webhooks, OData, and interface architectures
Knowledge of enterprise systems such as SAP, CRMs, ServiceNow, etc.
Experience with security standards (OAuth2, JWT, certificates, encryption)
Leadership skills: coaching, sparring, architecture ownership
NICE TO HAVE
Workato certifications
Experience with SAP BTP Integration Suite and SAP Cloud Integration (CPI)
Know-how in DevOps, CI/CD, and API management
What we offer
Job bike leasing (JobRad)
Commuting allowance
Wellpass membership & corporate benefits
Company pension scheme
Opportunities for further training
Technically modern equipped workplace
Free beverages and fresh fruit at the workplace
Company restaurant in Künzelsau or meal vouchers in Cologne
Attractive conditions for our products in the BERNER online shop
Apply Now - We're Excited to Meet You!
Please submit your application via our online form, including your availability and salary expectations.
The
BERNER Group
is a European trading company serving professionals in the mobility, construction, and industrial sectors. We are the leading B2B specialist and an innovative manufacturer of chemical products. Our purpose is:
"We are pushing the limits of the possible for the shapers of a better tomorrow."
With our strong brands - BERNER, BTI by BERNER, and CCS - we empower our customers to keep their businesses running successfully.
Join our team and shape the future with us!
Company info
BERNER pushing the limits - for those who dare more
Making a choice about your career and your employer is a choice about your future - a future where you will invest your passion and a large portion of your time, energy, and capacity.
The
BERNER Group
is a European trading company serving professionals in the mobility, construction, and industrial sectors. We are the leading B2B specialist and an innovative manufacturer of chemical products. Our purpose is:
"We are pushing the limits of the possible for the shapers of a better tomorrow."
With our strong brands - BERNER, BTI by BERNER, and CCS - we empower our customers to keep their businesses running successfully.
Location: Cologne or Künzelsau
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése