Cég neve
Fraunhofer-Institut für Integrierte Schaltungen IIS
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
NETWORK
SECURITY.
C
IIS
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok és
Francia középfok és
Spanyol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
NETWORK
SECURITY.
C
IIS
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok és Francia középfok és Spanyol középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Our international team at Fraunhofer IIS is shaping the future of IoT by developing cutting‑edge wireless data transmission technologies such as mioty®, a leading Low Power Wide Area Network (LPWAN) standard. mioty® is deployed across smart metering, smart cities, industrial IoT, logistics and environmental.
As
Managing Director for the mioty® program
, you will be responsible for global strategic development, commercialization, and ecosystem expansion. You will lead all operational, business, partnership, and organizational activities to establish mioty® as leading LPWAN technology - driving adoption from pilot deployments to mass‑market rollouts across continents.
Global Strategy & Growth:
You shape and drive the global growth of mioty®, from strategic commercialization and scalable go-to-market approaches to building a thriving international ecosystem, while strengthening its worldwide positioning, brand, and value proposition across key verticals.
Strategic Partnership Building:
You establish, maintain and manage trusted relationships with industrial partners, public institutions, technology providers, and global enterprise stakeholders across the mioty® ecosystem.
Create Industry Impact:
You promote mioty®
in high‑level industry forums, policy and regulatory bodies
, alliances, and standardization groups.
Empowering Leadership:
You guide the Fraunhofer IIS mioty® team across business development, marketing, and engineering.
Financial Stewardship:
You oversee financial stewardship, including budgeting, commercial operating models, and reporting.
Governance and Innovation Management:
You ensure sustainable governance, IP and licensing frameworks, long-term competitiveness, compliance, and innovation in close coordination with Fraunhofer IIS leadership.
Requirements
University degree
in (Industrial-)Engineering, Business Administration or a comparable field.
At least 5 years of
executive leadership experience
in
IoT
, telecommunications, wireless technologies, deep-tech or related innovation-driven industries, with an established network of contacts across authorities and government entities and the ability to represent the company at senior executive and political levels.
Proven track record
in building and scaling global sales and go-to-market structures, including channel development, partner ecosystems and multinational revenue organizations, as well as establishing and expanding strategic partnerships with OEMs, carriers, cloud providers, system integrators and global enterprise customers.
Understanding of IoT connectivity
, embedded systems, LPWAN technologies, RF systems and cloud architecture and security.
Entrepreneurial,
impact‑oriented mindset
with the ability to convert technological strengths into scalable global business models.
Willingness to travel globally
regularly, including frequent intercontinental travel for partner expansion, executive meetings, industry events, and on‑site strategic engagements.
Fluent English and German
(spoken and written), additional languages (Mandarin, Spanish, French) are a strong advantage.
What we offer
An exciting role:
We offer a diverse and challenging field of work in an international environment, oriented toward state-of-the-art research and technology.
Room for creativity:
Projects with strong practical components motivate our employees to drive innovation.
Our colleagues enjoy our positive work culture:
We are open-minded, we help and trust each other.
Top of the line infrastructure at your workplace:
With our state-of-the-art technologies, we develop solutions to meet the challenges of today and tomorrow.
We value personal contact:
With our structured onboarding process, you will quickly become familiar with our institute and be able to extend your network successfully.
We take your needs seriously:
We support your work-life balance by offering flexible working hours and hybrid work.
Your goals and interests are important to us:
We offer ongoing professional and personal seminars, coaching, and language classes.
We offer equal opportunities:
Our female scientists, for example, benefit from the »Fraunhofer TALENTA« career program.
Dedicated colleagues
with broad professional expertise in a personal and collegial working atmosphere.
We offer c
omplementary parking spaces, charging stations for electric cars
and
covered bicycle parking
, and showers at the institute.
In-house health management
including sports courses, running groups, and relaxation seminars.
Company info
The Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft is one of the world's leading applied research organizations. In more than 70 institutes, we develop groundbreaking technologies for industry and society — or, to be more specific, over 30,000 people in the fields of technology, engineering, science, research, administration and IT make this possible. They all know that Fraunhofer is the place to be for those who are eager and able to effect change. For themselves, for us and for current and future markets.
Welcome to the Fraunhofer Institute for Integrated Circuits IIS, headquartered in Erlangen! As the largest institute within the Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft, we have been conducting research for over 30 years in diverse fields such as artificial intelligence, microelectronics, sensor systems, data acquisition, signal processing, and signal transmission. Talented individuals from various engineering and natural science disciplines will find a wide range of exciting research topics under one roof. A few highlights that reflect our innovative strength include neuromorphic computing, 5G/6G mobile communication technologies, generative AI in speech and signal processing, and X-ray imaging for e-mobility. And that's just the beginning!
What sustainable solution will you find with us?
Would driving the global scale‑up of one of the world's most advanced Low Power Wide Area technologies appeal to you? Then take a look and see if our offer is the right fit for you.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése