Cég neve
applike group GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
DATABASES
ACCESS
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
DATABASES
ACCESS
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
We are looking for an entrepreneurial, analytically sharp, and tech-savvy Senior Manager, Strategy & Tech Projects to work directly with our Tech Co-Founder as his strategic and operational right hand. You will sit at the nexus of all major technological and strategic initiatives, ensuring applike's vision is executed flawlessly. This role is a demanding blend of strategy development, hands-on operational execution, and deep technical project leadership, offering an unparalleled, high-growth trajectory as you scale alongside the company.
If you thrive in the engine room of a hyper-growth company, turning ambitious visions into concrete technical deliverables, this is your mission.
Own the Strategic Agenda
: Serve as the primary driver for high-priority initiatives ranging from new product pivots and features to market entry strategies
Cross-Functional Leadership
: Directly lead and manage end-to-end complex, cross-functional projects that span Engineering, Product, Data Science, and business teams, ensuring timely and high-quality delivery against strategic objectives
Scalability Champion
: Work with our senior leadership to design and implement organizational structures and processes that support applike's rapid scaling and international growth
Tech and Market Analysis:
Conduct analyses on emerging technologies, AdTech trends, data opportunities, and competitive landscapes to inform future product and platform investments
Decision to Action:
Translate executive decisions and high-level technical strategy into actionable objectives and execution plans for Engineering and Product teams, ensuring fast and effective execution
Executive Communication:
Prepare and articulate strategies, technical updates, and proposals for executive meetings, shareholders, and senior leadership
Requirements
Strategic & Analytical Expertise
:
3–4 years of experience
in (Tech-) Strategy Consulting (preferably MBB), Venture Capital (Tech Focus), or in a Chief of Staff role at a high-growth tech startup/scale-up
Technical Project Leadership:
Proven success in leading and delivering complex, multi-stakeholder technical projects
(e.g., software development, data architecture, or large-scale integrations)
Hands-On Technical Fluency:
Demonstrated hands-on understanding of Software Development and the broader Tech landscape – you must be comfortable engaging in detailed technical discussions with engineers and product leads e.g., you know the difference between document-oriented and relational databases
Problem-Solving Mastery:
Skilled at breaking down ambiguous problems
, generating insights from data, and translating them into actionable strategic initiatives
Entrepreneurial Mindset:
Thrives in fast-paced, dynamic environments
. Structured when needed, pragmatic when it counts, and always ready to roll up your sleeves
Executive Presence & Influence:
Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills,
demonstrating the executive presence necessary to influence stakeholders from engineers to the CEOs
Fluent in both
English and German
at C1 level or equivalent.
What we offer
Invest in Your Future:
You'll join a high-performing, rapidly scaling global company with a clear vision, while directly influencing the company's trajectory and sharing in its success. We're committed to your growth through regular feedback, mentoring, and our development programs, you'll expand your skillset and build a long-term career at adjoe.
Easy Arrival to applike group:
From signing to settling in Hamburg, we've got you and your family covered, including a relocation bonus, and personal support to help you build your life here, making your move smooth and stress-free.
Live Your Best Life, at Work and Beyond
: Flexible hours, remote Fridays and 30 vacation days. You'll also have three weeks of remote work each year, access to an 24/7 in-house gym with classes, and mental health support through our Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
Thrive Where You Work
: Our Hamburg HQ offers more than a view of the Alster lake. You'll find a vibrant office with top-notch equipment, open collaboration spaces, and plenty of snacks and drinks to keep ideas (and energy) flowing.
Company info
applike group is one of Europe's fastest-growing tech scale-ups, innovating at the crossroads of AdTech and Mobile Gaming. Powered by advanced AI and a world-class engineering team, we are behind the leading tech unicorn in the rewarded advertising industry.
We are home to four ventures revolutionizing advertising, mobile analytics, and gaming worldwide:
adjoe
– leading mobile ad platform
justDice
– mobile gaming loyalty & reward platforms
Sunday
– hybrid-casual mobile games studio
justtrack
– mobile tracking, analytics & UA steering
Backed by media powerhouse Bertelsmann and operating from our headquarters in Hamburg and offices in Boston, Singapore, and Tokyo, we are building the next era of AdTech. With 400+ employees across Hamburg, Boston, Singapore, and Tokyo, we're scaling fast and entering an exciting phase of global expansion.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése