Cég neve
Bamo Technology Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Huayou Park - Hungary, Ács, 阿奇，邮政编码:邮政编码: 2941
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
TESTING
ISO
CHANGE MANAGEMENT
TROUBLESHOOTING
Elvárások
Angol középfok
3-5 év tapasztalat
Főiskola
'B' kat. jogosítvány

Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Általános
munkarend
TESTING
ISO
CHANGE
MANAGEMENT
TROUBLESHOOTING
Angol
középfok
3-5
év tapasztalat
Főiskola
'B'
kat. jogosítvány

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Testing Management
Review and approve test results to ensure accuracy and compliance.
Investigate and resolve testing abnormalities; support internal quality incident investigations.
Manage Quality Control (QC) samples and perform trend analysis to ensure authenticity, validity, and stability of QC results.
Respond proactively to customer testing requirements and benchmarking requests.
Participate in the development and validation of national and industry standards.
Personnel Management
Organize professional and compliance training for laboratory technicians; conduct competency assessments.
Supervise laboratory personnel to ensure strict adherence to testing SOPs.
Equipment Management
Lead the selection, procurement, installation, commissioning, acceptance, and change management of laboratory instruments.
Establish and maintain equipment files and instrument registers.
Develop and implement metrological traceability plans.
Coordinate calibration, intermediate checks, and in-house verification.
Perform routine maintenance and troubleshooting of testing instruments.
Materials Management
Procure electrochemical and laboratory testing materials as required.
Prepare, standardize, and conduct intermediate verification of standard solutions.
Method Management
Develop testing methods for new projects and new products.
Optimize and update existing testing methods, procedures, and instrument operating SOPs.
HSE Management
Ensure compliance with SEVESO regulatory requirements and applicable EU laboratory and HSE regulations.
Establish and improve hazardous chemical management systems.
Oversee chemical management, HSE facility inspections, and environmental monitoring (temperature & humidity).
Implement safety regulations for sample testing, instrument operation, and chemical reagent usage.
Conduct routine safety inspections of laboratory equipment.
Support emergency response procedures, assist in rescue operations, and protect accident scenes when necessary.
System Management
Support internal and external audits, including ISO/IEC 17025 system audits and other compliance reviews.
Requirements
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Chemical Engineering or a related field (Chemical Engineering preferred);
Minimum 3 years of laboratory management experience;
Proficient in testing methods for cathode materials;
Familiar with EU regulatory and HSE requirements for laboratory management;
Working knowledge of ISO/IEC 17025 laboratory management systems;
Good command of English (written and spoken);
Strong analytical thinking and problem-solving skills;
Excellent communication and coordination abilities.
What we offer
Competitive salary;
Meal allowance;
Commuting to Work Support;
Development opportunity for a new investment.
Company info
At Bamo Technology Kft. as a member of the Huayou Cobalt group of companies what founded in 2002, we have been working with cathode material production for more than 20 years. As the first step of our company's entry into the European market, we will build our factory based on high technology and environmentally conscious thinking in Hungary, in the Ács area, over the next few years. We are looking for a new colleague for this green field investment.
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Tester,
Test Engineer
Komárom-Esztergom
county
Ács
Álláshirdetés jelentése