Cég neve
Fresenius Medical Care Deutschland GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ACCESS
SECURITY
CLOUD
ISO
GDPR
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ACCESS
SECURITY
CLOUD
ISO
GDPR
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Own and operationalize privacy-by-design and privacy-by-default
across all stages of the product development lifecycle, from concept and architecture to development, deployment, and maintenance.
Develop technical frameworks, design patterns, and implement standards and guidelines
to ensure systems and applications inherently meet GDPR, HIPAA, the EU Data Act, the EU AI Act, and related regulatory requirements.
Build and maintain a
robust privacy engineering toolbox
, including solutions for encryption, pseudonymization, data minimization, access governance, and secure data storage and transfer.
Work with product owners and architects to
translate regulatory requirements into concrete technical designs
, system requirements, and acceptance criteria.
Lead privacy impact assessments from a
technical design perspective
, identifying risks and defining mitigating controls.
Mentor engineering teams
on privacy-preserving design principles, coding standards, and architectural best practices.
Be at the
forefront of new regulations and standards
to anticipate early requirements for our products.
Serve as the
technical authority for privacy topics
, supporting audits, compliance assessments, and regulatory inquiries.
Act as a cross-functional interface for legal, security, quality, engineering, and business functions to ensure alignment and clear communication.
Requirements
Proven experience in a role such as
Privacy-by-Design Architect, Technical Privacy Lead, Privacy Engineer, or Privacy Architect
.
Deep, hands-on understanding of privacy-by-design and privacy-by-default
, with proven experience implementing these principles in real-world systems and cloud environments.
Strong knowledge of
GDPR technical requirements
, including data minimization, purpose limitation, security of processing, data lifecycle management, and DSR enablement.
Demonstrated ability to learn quickly, grasp daily operations and deliverables, and adapt to a rapidly evolving regulatory environment.
Expertise in
systems architecture
, cloud platforms, and privacy-enhancing technologies (PETs).
Experience with compliance frameworks such as
ISO/IEC 27001
, SOC2, or comparable standards.
Familiarity with tools and systems that support
data subject rights
, consent management, and auditability.
Certifications such as
CIPP/E, CIPT, CIPM, CDPSE, CISSP, CDPO
or equivalent are a plus.
Strong analytical, problem-solving, and critical-thinking strengths.
Excellent communication skills, capable of explaining
complex technical privacy concepts
to a broad audience.
Strong interpersonal and negotiation skills for managing diverse and challenging opinions.
Excellent organizational skills and the ability to operate effectively in ambiguous environments while taking initiative and owning responsibilities.
What we offer
There is a lot you can discover at Fresenius Medical Care, regardless of which field you are an expert in and how much experience you have—all dedicated to your professional journey.
Whether in front of or behind the scenes, you are helping to make ever better medicine available to more and more people around the world
Individual opportunities for self-determined career planning and professional development
A corporate culture in which there is enough room for innovative thinking—to find the best solution together, not the quickest one
A large number of committed people with a wide range of skills, talents and experience
The benefits of a successful global corporation with the collegial culture of a medium-sized company
Company info
At Fresenius Medical Care, we are the global leader in kidney care, committed to improving the lives of patients with chronic kidney disease. Our mission is to deliver high-quality, innovative products, services, and care across the entire healthcare journey. Guided by our vision—“Creating a future worth living. For patients. Worldwide. Every day.”—we work with purpose and compassion, supported by a global team of over 125,000 employees.
Our values guide how we work:
We Care for our patients, each other, and our communities
We Connect across teams and borders to deliver excellence together
We Commit to doing things the right way—growing with purpose and leading kidney care with integrity and innovation
We are seeking a new team member as a (
Senior) Expert – Technical Privacy
to ensure that our technology systems, digital products, and data processing workflows are designed and operated in full alignment with GDPR and global privacy regulations. In this role, your primary focus will be the
practical implementation of privacy-by-design and privacy-by-default principles
across our technology landscape. A deep knowledge of current and upcoming regulatory standards will allow you to enable product teams to build future-proof products. You will work closely with engineering, product, legal and security teams to embed privacy into architectures, processes, and system behavior from scratch. Strong interpersonal skills are essential to communicate your solution to other relevant stakeholders in our organization.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése