Cég neve
Utimaco GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
C++
NETWORK
LINUX
SECURITY
PYTHON
DEVOPS
GIT
DATABASE
POSTGRESQL
AGILE
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
C++
NETWORK
LINUX
SECURITY
PYTHON
DEVOPS
GIT
DATABASE
POSTGRESQL
AGILE
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Design our software, analyze problems and implement your solutions independently focusing on C++ development and network protocols
Develop complex software modules together with our agile development teams
Develop according to the product roadmap and implement customized projects with individual customer requirements
Integrating software in Linux environments with complex security and networking environments, using advanced scripting and automation tools
Handling of security tasks within the development process, including security code reviews, security audits and design of security procedures and components within our software
Requirements
Successfully completed your studies in computer science or a comparable education with relevant professional experience in the field of modern software development
Very good knowledge and practical experience in modern C++ and knowledge of Python for scripting. Knowledge of shell scripting and DevOps practices are an advantage
Practical experience developing software following strict security standards
Sound knowledge of network protocols and the programming of corresponding applications
Knowledge of complex client-server architectures
You have already developed under Git and Subversion on Linux systems and environments
Database know-how, ideally in connection with PostgreSQL
Good English language skills in written and spoken form
What we offer
An open and friendly corporate culture, characterized by constructive and collaborative teamwork.
Support for your future plans through a company pension scheme (depending on country-specific conditions).
Early birds and night owls alike can shape their workday thanks to a flexible working model.
We also support you privately 芒聙聯 benefit from special payments or additional vacation days on anniversaries or special occasions.
Utimaco is growing and embraces diversity! Our global team includes colleagues from 42 nations who speak 45 different languages.
Company info
Security is becoming increasingly important to industries. Utimaco products have been protecting people from organized crime and terror as well as sensitive data from theft and abuse for over 35 years. To this end, Utimaco has developed hardware security modules and compliance solutions for telecommunications providers in the field of regulation. Utimaco is the global market leader in both segments. Utimaco stands for recognized product quality, userbility, excellent support and a market-driven offer, manufactured in Germany.
The central goal of protecting people, data and ideas is the commitment of more than 200 people to Utimaco.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Security
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése