Cég neve
Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
DEVOPS
PYTHON
JENKINS
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
DEVOPS
PYTHON
JENKINS
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
- Support building and setting up new development tools and infrastructure utilizing knowledge in continuous integration, delivery, and deployment (CI/CD)
- Design, develop, and maintain automation tasks using Python to facilitate smooth execution
- Troubleshoot and resolve issues related to infrastructure and deployment
- Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify and resolve infrastructure and deployment issues
- Participate in research and development to deliver complex solutions or on-premises
- Create and maintain documentation for infrastructure and deployment processes
Requirements
- Current master studies in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field of studies with a mandatory internship
- Experience with continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) tools such as Jenkins or GitLab
- Strong scripting skills (e.g. Python)
- Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail
- Strong collaboration and communication skills to work effectively across teams
- Very good command of written and spoken English; German knowledge is nice to have
What we offer
You can expect very good payment, excellent terms and outstanding opportunities for growth and development. We will also be happy to help you find a room. We have a number of favorably priced accommodations at our disposal.
Company info
At Rohde & Schwarz, we develop and produce solutions in the fields of Test & Measurement, Technology Systems, and Networks & Cybersecurity – driven by the vision of a safer and connected world. From software to final production, our more than 15,000 employees create products and systems that set global standards and enable technological sovereignty for industrial, regulatory, and government customers worldwide.
Our headquarters, located in the heart of Munich, also serves as our main development site.
Join our Signaling Testing Division in München (Germany) at the earliest possible date.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése