Cég neve
Coriolis Pharma Research GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
DYNAMICS
MICROSOFT OFFICE
POWERPOINT
WORD
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
CONFLUENCE
EXCEL
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
DYNAMICS
MICROSOFT
OFFICE
POWERPOINT
WORD
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
CONFLUENCE
EXCEL
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a Working Student (f/m/d) in Program / Project Management at our site in Martinsried, you will actively support cross-functional digital transformation initiatives. You will contribute to the implementation and optimization of collaboration and enterprise systems (e.g., SharePoint and Microsoft Dynamics 365) and play a key role in improving our project management structures, data governance, and sustainability reporting capabilities.
Your Responsibility
Support the setup, administration, and optimization of SharePoint sites.
Assist in the migration and restructuring of data, including replacement of existing Confluence / Wiki environments.
Contribute to project management activities in collaboration with the Project Leader (planning, tracking, documentation, coordination).
Support the implementation of Microsoft Dynamics 365 (MD365).
Assist in data export, cleansing, and structuring.
Support the setup of automated workflows and digital processes.
Contribute to the establishment of CSRD / ESG reporting capabilities within Microsoft Dynamics 365.
Assist in developing and maintaining GHG emission calculation structures.
Collaborate with the PMO, IT department, and cross-functional project teams.
Requirements
Currently enrolled in a bachelor's or master's degree program in Business Administration, Project Management, IT, Engineering, Sustainability, or a related field
Strong interest in digital transformation and structured project work
Good knowledge of modern IT tools and collaboration platforms (e.g., SharePoint, Microsoft 365 environment)
Analytical mindset with affinity for data structuring and process optimization
Excellent communication skills in English, both verbal and written
Structured, independent, and reliable working style
Proficiency in Microsoft Office (PowerPoint, Excel, Word)
Availability to work 10–20 hours per week
What we offer
Let's formulate innovation together…
Our success & development is created by the people working together We put People first! That's why we have a growth mindset, and value personality, collaboration and community to create an empowering and inspiring working space with focus on quality and customers.
We would like to grow together with you!
Let's continue building and creating the future now! Join our Team of currently around 200 employees. In a highly motivated and interdisciplinary team, we provide you with a great chance to increase your experience. We offer an attractive work space at the Martinsried site. Let's make a difference together!
Coriolis Pharma is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes applications from all qualified individuals regardless of ethnicity, sex, citizenship or gender identity, color, disability, religion/belief, sexual orientation, marital status, age or individual preferences. Different backgrounds, experiences and ideas push us further and raise the bar.
Thank you for your interest! We look forward to receiving your application documents.
Please use our career portal exclusively for this purpose.
We would like to support you from the very beginning to shape your development possibilities here at Coriolis.
For questions or further information, please visit our website or contact us directly.
We are looking forward to your application!
Company info
Coriolis Pharma
is a global contract research and development organization (CRDO) and a premier partner for the development of liquid and lyophilized drug products, analytical services, and manufacturing services across a vast array of therapeutic modalities, including biologics, gene and cell therapies and vaccines.
Our scientists design and execute platform and custom services to accelerate and derisk our clients' programs right from the start and throughout the entire product lifecycle.
Our company culture is based on diversity, teamwork and open and appreciative communication. That's why wonderful people from over 36 nations around the world work together successfully at Coriolis.
Our headquarters are located in Martinsried near Munich, Germany. An additional project management and business development team in the United States enables our US clients to work seamlessly with our German offices.
What motivates us?
Our motivation is to improve the quality of life for humankind by enabling the development of innovative drugs through outstanding biopharmaceutical services from preclinical to commercialization
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Project
Management
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése