Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
With us, you have the opportunity to perfectly combine your studies with practical experience while actively contributing to exciting projects. This allows you to gain valuable skills, expand your network, and grow both professionally and personally.
We are seeking passionate and talented students who want to make an impact by shaping next-generation products at ZEISS. Together with a team of students, scientists and research engineers, you will investigate different available algorithms for dynamic optical coherence tomography and compare results to other available microscopy modalities.
What We Offer
The possibility to learn and implement cutting edge technology
Interpersonal and interdisciplinary mentorship by experienced PhD-level experts
A modern working environment enabling hybrid work and remote workdays
An opportunity to join a growing company with many career options
Support and mentorship for your academic endeavors / thesis
Requirements
You are enrolled in a bachelor's or master's degree in life science, physics, engineering, or a related field
You have proficient programming experience, preferably Python
You ideally already have experience with image processing algorithms or projects
You are interested in technology and motivated to cooperate on demanding tasks
You are enthusiastic to learn and explore with a high degree of initiative and creativity
You are committed to collaborating in cross-functional teams
You are proficient in the English language and bring good communication skills
Sounds exciting? Then become part of #teamZEISS and help us shape the future! Please provide your complete application documents (CV, transcript of records, etc.).
Company info
As a student, you work with your colleagues on an equal footing and create ideal conditions for your future career. Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people. In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together. Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow. Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity. Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Education,
Science, Sports
Researcher
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése