Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
LINUX
C
C++
GIT
PYTHON
HARDWARE.
NETWORK
Biztosított eszközök
Linux
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
LINUX
C
C++
GIT
PYTHON
HARDWARE.
NETWORK
Linux
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Our embedded & mobile systems research team works on modern software platforms for microcontrollers and other resource-constrained devices. A central focus is the use of Zephyr RTOS and comparable systems to enable robust, scalable solutions that would traditionally require Linux or custom FPGA designs.
During this internship, you will work on practical projects around Zephyr, microcontrollers, and real-time operating systems. Depending on your skills and interests, this can range from low-level platform work to application-level features such as UI frameworks or ML on embedded hardware.
Your Role
With us, you have the opportunity to perfectly combine your studies with practical experience while actively contributing to exciting projects. This allows you to gain valuable skills, expand your network, and grow both professionally and personally.
Take an existing internal embedded development platform and port it to Zephyr RTOS as a proof-of-concept
Create or extend lab setups involving various microcontrollers
Explore the use of NPUs, DSPs, or other accelerators in RTOS-based systems
Investigate lightweight UI frameworks and graphics stacks for microcontrollers
Requirements
You have experience with at least one software platform for microcontrollers (such as Zephyr RTOS, Arduino, FreeRTOS, etc.) and/or with Linux on embedded systems
You have solid programming skills, especially in C or C++ (additional experience with Python or Rust is a plus, but not required)
Git or VCS in general should be a concept you're already used to
You are enrolled in computer science, physics, engineering or similar
You are willing to learn and explore with a high degree of initiative and creativity
You are interested in new technology and motivated to work on challenging tasks
What We Offer
Possibility to contribute upstream to FOSS projects.
An open-minded team that is always welcoming new ideas.
Mentorship by experienced experts.
Sounds exciting? Then become part of #teamZEISS and help us shape the future! Please provide your complete application documents (CV, transcript of records, etc.).
Company info
As a student, you work with your colleagues on an equal footing and create ideal conditions for your future career.
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése