Cég neve
Leibniz-Rechenzentrum (LRZ) der Bayerischen Akademie der Wissenschaften
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ACCESS
HARDWARE
AGILE
R
SECURITY
ISO
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ACCESS
HARDWARE
AGILE
R
SECURITY
ISO
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
You are looking for an employer you can count on? Join us!
Quantum technology is the focus of a group of specialists at the LRZ dedicated to providing, researching, and advancing quantum computing (QC) technologies for the Bavarian and international quantum communities. The QC team provides users with a broad portfolio of resources and services, including quantum simulators, remote access to quantum hardware, scientific consultancy, and education/training. More experimentally, this team explores and develops integration pathways for quantum acceleration capabilities in next-generation high-performance computing (HPC) systems. Leading this team, you will drive and facilitate conceptualizing and providing new tools and methods in the field of QC and HPC-QC integration; working with new innovative hardware technologies; and building unique solutions to aid quantum computing end-users in the advancement of their research. Your work will be instrumental in shaping Bavaria's reputation as a global quantum hotspot and in pushing the boundaries of innovative scientific discoveries achievable with quantum computing.
We have an opening for a
Group Lead (f/m/d)
for our activities in the field of Quantum Technologies
Your job is to develop and fortify an environment that fosters your team's ability to succeed, both in their collective mission to deliver the highest standard of support to our users in their pursuit of academic science excellence as well as individuals on their career path. Join a team working with leading-edge infrastructure, including Top 500 supercomputers, in a highly innovative research environment.
As a leader, you:
Encourage “thinking big” and holistic approaches towards solution building;
Create an inclusive atmosphere where assorted opinions, ideas, personalities and work styles are recognized and respected;
Know your team very well, understand personal motivations and challenges, and invest in seeing each teammate meet their potential;
Benchmark against the best and have high standards for yourself, your team and for the work we do.
Exemplify commitment to LRZ's core values and philosophy (for example, #WeAreLRZ) by modelling and actively promoting the center's expectations for excellence in community engagement, customer service, operations and capability research and development.
What we expect:
Innovation and project management as well as own research and development in important areas of quantum technologies, follow the state of the art of R&D in quantum technologies and in particular different QC architectures
Coordinate LRZ's quantum computing initiatives, focusing in particular on the integration of quantum computing into our HPC ecosystem but also exploring new areas of quantum technologies (e.g., quantum communication)
Maintain the overview of users' needs for resources and services, both current and predictive, and develop new services for LRZ's users and our stakeholders
Serve as manager of group leads and individuals; be highly visible in the workplace;
Work closely and collaboratively with other units across LRZ and with management to ensure alignment of your team's effort to strategic and operational roadmaps;
Interface with the quantum computing community in particular with the Munich Quantum Valley (MQV) to understand constraints and requirements, and to provide respective support for MQV as a preferred partner
Communicate research project results, interesting capability developments and other newsworthy items proactively to LRZ public relations team for reputation building of our organization;
Ensure the protection of vendor and partner proprietary or sensitive information, complying with information security policies and agreements (e.g. NDAs);
Ensure all work is carried out safely, securely, and in compliance with LRZ policies, standards, and procedures. LRZ is certified in service- and information-security management (ISO 20000 and ISO27000)
Please note:
If invited for an interview, you will be asked to present your ideas on developing and executing a quantum program including aspects of user services, research, and facilities.
Requirements
PhD, Master's, or equivalent degree in computer science, engineering, mathematics, physics, or another natural or technical science
Own research work in the field of quantum computing
Leadership experience
Exceptional communication and collaboration skills
Excellent written and spoken English and German skills
The following experience is a plus:
Experience with agile methodologies
Ph.D. in computer science, or similar field
Experience building large-scale initiatives
What we offer
Area
Quantum Computing
Working time
full time (40 hrs) / part-time possible
flexible working model with electronic time recording
Term of the contract
Unlimited contract
Remuneration
up to E 14, see
Entgelttabelle TV-L
Annual leave / compensatory time off
30 days
(24.12. + 31.12. additionally day off)
Overtime is compensated by additional time off
Further trainings
Individual support for in-service training and further education
Mobile work
up to 60% of work time, when applicable
Benefits
e.g. JobBike Bayern, bus and subway (U6) on the doorstep, free parking, pension plan of the Versorgungsanstalt des Bundes und der Länder (VBL), state-of-the-art work equipment, Cooperation Agreement with Sports Facility Providers for Discounted Membership
What can you find with us?
Ample room for contributing and implementing your own ideas
A smart, highly educated and motivated team to lead and an opportunity to facilitate their development and success
An organization that greatly values your contribution to our common success
Are you looking for a varied and challenging job in a dynamic, cooperative and innovative working environment? Then the LRZ is the right place for you!
Exciting tasks in the service of research, a collegial, appreciative working environment, an international, stimulating, diverse corporate climate; flexible working for an optimal work-life balance and a lot of creative freedom: That is the standard at our company. In addition, we offer all the benefits of public service in our data center, which is equipped with the latest components. We also offer all the benefits of public service. We actively promote diversity and welcome applications from talented individuals, regardless of cultural background, nationality, ethnicity, gender and sexual identity, physical abilities, religion and age. We give priority to applications from people with disabilities who are equally qualified (SGB IX).
Company info
Since 1962, Bavarian universities and research institutions have relied on the IT expertise of the Leibniz Supercomputing Centre of the Bavarian Academy of Sciences and Humanities. When it comes to the digital transformation of science, we are traditionally ahead of the game.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése