Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PYTHON
MACHINE LEARNING
AGILE
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
PYTHON
MACHINE
LEARNING
AGILE
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Motivation of the Work
Turning today's research into tomorrow's applications – together. At ZEISS, we focus on user-centric innovation to transform ideas into cutting-edge solutions. The ZEISS Innovation Hub @ KIT fosters collaboration between students, researchers, and industry professionals to drive technological advancements in neuroscience applications.
We are looking for highly motivated students to support the acquisition, quality control, and curation of EEG (Electroencephalography) and fNIRS (functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy) data. This role offers a unique opportunity to work hands-on with human neuroimaging data, ensuring high-quality recordings and organizing datasets for research in neural decoding and AI-driven analysis.
If you are passionate about neuroscience, and signal processing and eager to contribute to cutting-edge research, join us!
We Offer
A dynamic and interdisciplinary research environment
Hands-on experience with EEG and fNIRS data acquisition and lab equipment
Exposure to state-of-the-art methods in neural signal processing and data curation
Opportunity to contribute to AI-ready datasets for machine learning applications for neural decoding
Close mentorship
An agile work environment
The possibility of continuing as part of a Master's thesis project
Your Role
Develop an efficient and reproducible workflow for EEG and fNIRS data acquisition and preprocessing
Implement quantitative metrics to assess and optimize data quality
Curate and organize large datasets of stimulus-brain activity pairs for research applications
Establish online and offline methods for detecting and flagging bad recordings using visualization tools
Apply and evaluate advanced preprocessing techniques to increase the signal-to-noise ratio
Prepare data pipelines for AI and machine learning models (feature extraction, artifact removal, and normalization)
Collaborate with a team of engineers, neuroscientists, and AI researchers to integrate deep learning approaches into neural decoding
Present and discuss research findings in team and department meetings
Requirements
​​​​​​Enrolled in a Bachelor's or Master's program in biomedical engineering, electrical engineering, neuroscience, computer science, AI, or related fields
Strong programming skills in Python and NumPy
Solid understanding of electrical engineering principles
Fundamental knowledge of electrophysiology, neural signal processing, and machine learning
Experience with data preprocessing, signal analysis, and feature extraction is highly desirable
Familiarity with AI/ML concepts (e.g., supervised/unsupervised learning, deep learning architectures) is a plus
Creative, pragmatic, and self-motivated with strong analytical skills
Capable of working independently as well as in a team-oriented environment
Excellent communication skills in English or German
Passion for innovation and enthusiasm for new technologies as well as motivation to work in agile, interdisciplinary teams
Company info
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése