Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
With us, you have the opportunity to perfectly combine your studies with practical experience while actively contributing to exciting projects. This allows you to gain valuable skills, expand your network, and grow both professionally and personally. For a variety of modern optical systems, characterization and simulations using wave optical propagation algorithms is crucial. The selection of an appropriate method regarding numerical complexity, performance, and accuracy plays a fundamental role. As part of this internship or thesis, various algorithms for relevant application examples, such as optical waveguides or printed micro-optic components, will be investigated and quantitatively compared. This collaboration project with ZEISS Corporate Research and Technology provides insights into a highly dynamic R&D environment with many exciting research fields.
Select suitable wave-optical propagation algorithms from in-house or open-source implementations
Select relevant use cases and appropriate evaluation metrics
Develop Python code for the evaluation and visualization of various propagation algorithms for selected applications
Conduct simulations and analyze results
Document and present results
Requirements
You are enrolled in a Bachelor's or Master's program of physics, optics, or mathematics
You have basic knowledge of optics
You have basic programming skills in python
You have excellent organization, problem-solving, communication, and innovation skills
You are fluent in English or German​
Sounds exciting? Then become part of #teamZEISS and help us shape the future! Please provide your complete application documents (CV, transcript of records, etc.).
Company info
As a student, you work with your colleagues on an equal footing and create ideal conditions for your future career.
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Education,
Science, Sports
Physics
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése