Cég neve
Knorr-Bremse Services GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY
ISO
INCIDENT MANAGEMENT
SIEM
Elvárások
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY
ISO
INCIDENT
MANAGEMENT
SIEM
Német
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
We are seeking a
Security Incident Process Owner (m/f/d)
to lead and continuously improve our Information Security Incident Management process in line with
ISO/IEC 27035.
This role ensures effective coordination across multiple security domains.
Own and optimize the security incident management process and related tools, also ensure alignment and integration of related processes: information security, corporate security, product security, IT security, data privacy, and crisis management
Coordinate major security incidents and lead crisis management when required
Define KPIs and drive continuous process improvement
Ensure alignment with ISO standards and internal governance
Collaborate with stakeholders, perform emergency exercises and deliver training on incident processes
Requirements
Preferably a degree in Computer Science, Business Administration, Organizational Management, or a related field
Extensive professional experience in security operations, incident response, or process management
Ideal candidates have: professional certifications and a solid understanding of relevant security, incident, and crisis management standards and frameworks (e.g., ISO 27001, 27035)
Strong analytical skills, a proactive mindset, and the ability to lead under pressure, with clear and effective communication up to top management
Experience with incident management tools (SIEM, SOAR, etc.)
Fluent in spoken and written German and English
Willingness to travel
What we offer
Attractive Compensation
– We value your performance with a rewarding compensation package including a competitive salary and benefits (details vary – depending on location).
Health & Fitness Offerings
– We offer different health, wellbeing and fitness activities.
Corporate Volunteering
– We support corporate volunteering – make an impact on our local and global initiatives.
Canteen
– Subsidized company canteen including coffee bar.
Flexible Working Arrangements
– Different flexible time arrangements to balance family and career, e.g. job sharing, part-time employment and flexible work schedules.
Mobility
– Travel subsidy for public transport or on-site parking opportunities.
Sabbatical
– Opportunity for a private timeout to recharge, travel or spend time with family, or for other reasons.
Hybrid Work Options
– A mixture of in-person collaboration and remote work gives you the freedom to balance career and personal life (details will vary from site to site).
Modern Workplace
– Modern workplaces offer you optimal conditions to collaborate and work productive and efficient.
Childcare
– Company childcare center for children aged 0 to 3 years.
Central Location & Transport Connection
– Location has good transport connections (public transport and car).
Become part of our team!
Join us in shaping the mobility of future!
At Knorr-Bremse Group, more than 32,000 employees from over 100 locations and 30 countries around the globe are committed to progress on rail and road through technological excellence, sustainable management and social responsibility. With most recent revenue over 7.8 billion euros, with us, you can expect an exciting and varied job in an international environment as well as an attractive package.
Company info
We believe that a change towards a better, more sustainable future of transportation is possible. That's why we are so dedicated to developing safer, more efficient and innovative solutions that make our visions come to life. Who are we? More than 32,000 team players from all around the world who drive progress through technical excellence and social responsibility.
JOB DETAILS
BRAND:
Knorr-Bremse Services GmbH
JOB ID:
9115
FUNCTIONAL AREA:
IT / Information Technology
LOCATION:
Munich / Germany
EMPLOYMENT TYPE:
Full-time, regular
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Security
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése