Cég neve
SMG Swiss Marketplace Group
Munkavégzés helye
Thurgauerstrasse 36, 8050 Zürich
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
NETWORK
TESTING
R
SPSS.
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
Pályakezdő/friss diplomás
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
NETWORK
TESTING
R
SPSS.
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
Pályakezdő/friss
diplomás
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Student UX Researcher (f/m/d) |% | Hybrid working model | Zurich SwitzerlandCompany DescriptionWelcome to SMG Swiss Marketplace Group!SMG is a pioneering network of online marketplaces and a leading European digital company that simplifies people’s lives with forward-looking products.We operate leading marketplaces across real estate, automotive, general classifieds, and finance & insurance. We’re driven by our values: Better Together, Aim High, and Act Responsibly.Job DescriptionMeet the team!At SMG, our strength lies in our people. Meet some of the team members with whom you could work:Mathias Jenny - Head of Research & Innovation - LinkedInYour MissionYou’re studying and want hands-on experience in UX Research, especially the part that makes research actually happen? Join our UX Research Team at SMG Automotive (AutoScout24 and MotoScout24) and help us run high-quality research at scale.As an Student UX Researcher, you will be supporting our team of designers, product managers and researchers in learning and understanding our users’ needs, behaviors and emotions. This will give you the opportunity to grow your expertise in the field of UX.Moreover, your work will contribute to shaping design and product decisions of the most important vehicle marketplaces in Switzerland and will have a direct impact on millions of people.What you will doRun and continuously improve our participant recruitment & scheduling process (screeners, coordination, reminders, incentives).Support qualitative studies (interviews, user testing): prep scripts, take notes and moderate the sessions.Keep our research repository clean and useful: document research insights, create project summaries and share important insights with stakeholders.Maintain and improve our research toolkit: templates, checklists, guidelines, and “how we do research”.Support the research intake process (triage requests, clarify needs, keep the research calendar up to date).Coordinate with external partners/vendors when needed (e.g., recruitment providers).Support quantitative researchSupport communication of Insights: reports, summaries and stakeholder communication.Help organise and support workshops and insight-sharing sessions (e.g. ideation, journey mapping).QualificationsWho you areYou’re currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s or Master’s program (e.g., Psychology, HCI, Cognitive Science, Human Factors, Business/Behavioral Science, or similar).You’re highly organised, reliable, and you enjoy making complex workstreams run smoothly.You care about quality and details (because research ops is where details matter).You can keep your Thursday afternoons free from other commitments. That's when we have our user testing afternoons.You communicate clearly in English (our corporate language) and German.You’re comfortable with digital tools (e.g., notion, Miro). Bonus if you’ve used research tools like Lookback, Caplena, Qualtrics, Zapier, or similar.Big plus: statistical analysis skills in R or SPSS.Additional InformationWhy you should join usYou’ll learn how professional UX Research works in a real product environment.Your work will directly increase the team’s ability to deliver timely, high-quality insights.You’ll be part of a fun, dynamic and international team that values curiosity, impact, and collaboration.Your new crew is a highly international and diverse group of fantastic co-workers. We live a hybrid work set-up with no fixed office days. You are invited to any of our modern and spacious offices in Zurich and Fribourg, or stay at your home. Your working hours are also very flexible and always up for discussion - so don’t worry about your next finals, we’ll understand and support you there!Interested?We’d love to hear from you. Just send us your CV and a few lines about why you’re excited to join.#LI-HybridAbout UsSMG Swiss Marketplace Group is a pioneering network of online marketplaces and a cutting-edge digital company that simplifies people’s lives with innovative products.SMG Swiss Marketplace Group provides customers with the best tools to meet their life decision needs. The portfolio includes Real Estate (ImmoScout24, Homegate, Flatfox, , , , Publimmo, , CASASOFT, IAZI), Automotive (AutoScout24, MotoScout24), General Marketplaces (, , Ricardo) and Finance & Insurance (FinanceScout24, ).DisclaimerSMG Swiss Marketplace Group primarily engages with candidates directly. We do not accept unsolicited resumes or candidate profiles from recruitment agencies unless we have specifically requested their assistance for particular roles. Any submissions made without a prior request from our Talent Acquisition team will not be acknowledged or considered. We appreciate the understanding and cooperation of recruitment agencies in respecting this policy. jid744cd64pn jit0310pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Switzerland
Álláshirdetés jelentése