Cég neve
EDAG Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
9024 Győr, Zrínyi utca 11.
Nézze meg a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét!
Ft/hó
Megnézem
Ön felfedte a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét
N.
e Ft/hó
Részletek
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német középfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Általános
munkarend
Angol
felsőfok és Német középfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Amit kínálunk neked:
we are a good team;
we support each other both professionally and privately;
we work in a friendly, almost family-like atmosphere;
we have a direct relationship between managers and employees;
we offer a high degree of flexibility at all levels;
we don't expect everyone to know everything right away: we support everyone according to their abilities and allow them to develop creatively.
we know that the expectations defined in projects cannot always be met 100% in terms of skills and tasks, so we strive to support our colleagues from the outset with training and professional assistance.
we are motivated to work together, we love challenges, and we help each other to develop.
Amit kérünk tőled:
at least 5 years of experience as a Java Developer
development of distributed systems using Spring Boot / Kubernetes / Spring JPA and RESTful APIs
experience with test automation (unit tests, integration tests and component tests)
experience with micro services architecture
agile mindset and willingness to work according to the SAFe (Scaled agile framework) framework
proactively participating in team and overall meetings
sharing ideas to develop the payment service further
teamplayer and willingness to work with methods such as pairin
Feladataid:
The ideal candidate has a strong understanding of best practices and design patterns for modern Java applications, ensuring high-quality code through test automation and robust error handling.
Céginformáció
We are looking for an EXPERT in Java, who is able to help migrate a large web application to NextJS and improve / extend existing Java applications.
Jelentkezés módja
Send your CV in Hungarian and English by clicking on the "Apply" button below.
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Győr-Moson-Sopron
county
Győr
Álláshirdetés jelentése