Cég neve
Riverty
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
ORACLE
VMWARE
ADOBE
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
ORACLE
VMWARE
ADOBE
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Your Responsibilities:
Ensure license compliance for all software products, validate usage against agreements, and take corrective action where needed.
Maintain and optimise licensing contracts, documentation, and processes, including audits and negotiations with vendors/manufacturers.
Act as a consultant for internal stakeholders, providing compliance guidance, training materials, and clear communication in stakeholder meetings.
Develop strategies to optimise license models, support Cloud and SaaS transformation, and collaborate with Legal, Purchasing, and Finance for compliance and cost efficiency.
Manage license-related projects with business units and vendors, ensuring timely delivery, budget adherence, and identification of cost‑saving opportunities.
Requirements
Your Profile:
Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration, Law or similar, plus 3-5 years of experience in license/compliance management or IT asset management.
Proven expertise in license management, contract review, vendor management, and familiarity with tools (e.g. SmartTrack), SAM systems (e.g. SCCM), and major licensing models (Oracle, Microsoft, IBM, VMware, Adobe).
Strong skills in reporting, data analysis, and process standardisation, with experience in cost optimisation and risk mitigation.
Structured, proactive work style with high attention to detail, responsibility, and confident communication in German and English.
What we offer
Our plus points:
Inclusive and valuing culture: At Riverty, you can be who you are. We strive to create an inclusive environment and an appreciative culture, enhanced by our employee networks.
Health & Wellbeing: Your physical and mental health is important to us. Take advantage of our various preventive care and support services.
Professional and Personal Development: Take advantage of our numerous training and development opportunities. Benefit, for example, from training courses offered by Bertelsmann University, language courses or leadership trainings.
Monetary Benefits & Discounts: Know that you're appreciated with plenty of employee benefits & discounts just for you.
Flexibility: Our diverse working models empower you to customize your work to perfectly align with your preferences. Benefit from mobile office, flexible working hours and part-time models.
More information on riverty.com/careers. Are you already convinced? Then we look forward to receiving your online application - with just a few clicks.
Equal Opportunity Employer Statement
We want to be a fair and inclusive employer. We value the diverse perspectives that a diverse workforce brings to the table. Therefore, we are actively looking for people who enrich our company through their identity, background and personal experiences, with or without a disability.
Company info
Everyone's story matters. Come shape your story with us at Riverty.
But where does that take you?
To one of our 30 hybrid workspaces - designed for exchanging ideas, learning from others, and shaping the way we work. An international community of over 4,000 people, representing almost 80 nationalities across 11 countries. United by one mission: Combining empathy, advanced technology and data-driven insights to keep people and businesses in flow. With payments made for them. So that they don't have to worry about it.
And there's more.
We are part of the family-owned Bertelsmann group. Established. Corporate. In a fast-paced industry. We enable flexible payments in various industries, simplifying the financial management of known brands and helping people repay debt to build financial confidence. In short: shaping FinTech.
License Compliance Expert (m/f/d)
As a License Compliance Expert, you ensure correct implementation of our software licensing, keep documentation up to date, and identify and resolve compliance risks early. You coordinate stakeholders and projects within the Tech department, directly contributing to operational stability and cost efficiency.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése