Cég neve
ELANTAS GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Exciting opportunities await you
– in this role, you will drive the design, implementation, and operation of a modern, scalable CRM platform based on Microsoft Dynamics, collaborate closely with business stakeholders and an external consulting partner, and take a key role in both technical delivery and the ongoing development of CRM services across the organization. Your further tasks include:
Platform Development & Architecture
Building the CRM application according to the architectural framework
Defining and maintaining system configuration and technical documentation
Developing CRM dashboards, processes, and reports tailored to business needs
Data Integration & Governance
Integrating data from SAP S/4HANA in the application
Establishing data governance, quality assurance, and harmonization processes while ensuring secure and compliant data access
Service Build-Up & Operation
Contributing to the definition of the operating model for the reporting platform (roles, processes, service definitions)
Collaborating within a small internal team to support platform operations as well as ensuring application scalability, performance, and maintainability
Stakeholder Engagement
Collaborating with business stakeholders to understand reporting needs
Leading workshops, training sessions and enablement activities
Aligning reporting strategy with business and IT goals while continuously improving operating and reporting capabilities based on user feedback
Requirements
With this profile you convince us
– if you hold a bachelor's or master's degree in IT, project management, or a related field, bring at least seven years of professional experience with Microsoft Dynamics CRM (Sales), and have a strong background in managing complex, international CRM initiatives. Your other skills and competencies include:
Excellent English skills, written and spoken
Proven experience in project management, including the coordination of team members across different time zones
Very good knowledge of Microsoft Office applications
Outstanding communication and stakeholder management skills
What we offer
You can count on ALTANA
– By joining the ALTANA Group, you will be working in an organization with a unique culture of innovation that encourages individual ideas and talent and promotes open, trusted collaboration. ELANTAS offers you a lot of advantages. In detail: Look forward to a position in a stable company that is excellently positioned for the future. You will also enjoy …
a comfortable working environment where everyone knows each other personally and exchanges views, as well as short information and decision-making paths
an excellent environment for implementing your ideas paired with constructive openness to new developments and other ways of thinking
modern pension schemes
flexible working hours with options to work partially remotely
very attractive development opportunities in a globally active and growing group of companies
Company info
We are ALTANA: one group of companies – four divisions: BYK, ECKART, ELANTAS, and ACTEGA. A global leader in specialty chemicals and with myriad opportunities for you to develop and grow. Enrich your life with this decisive plus!
With more than 8.000 employees, the ALTANA Group achieved sales of over 3 billion euros in 2024. ELANTAS, a company of ALTANA AG, is a globally leading provider of innovative insulation and protective materials for the electrical and electronics industry. These play a crucial role in advancing the transition to electromobility and the expansion of renewable energies. ELANTAS products are for example used in electric motors, generators and transformers but are also found in everyday products such as smartphones, card readers, and power drills.
CRM Application Manager (m/f/d)
Location: Wesel on the Lower Rhine
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Corporate
Leadership, Management
Interim
manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése