Cég neve
KROHNE Messtechnik GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY
TESTING
DATABASES
DEVOPS
INCIDENT MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY
TESTING
DATABASES
DEVOPS
INCIDENT
MANAGEMENT
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
We are building a new Cybersecurity Team to support our development and operations teams in all security-related matters. As part of a motivated team, you will actively contribute to the implementation of security measures while continuously developing your professional and technical skills.
Your main responsibilities
As a Cybersecurity Engineer, you will support projects and teams in the field of secure software and system development. Depending on your experience, you will be introduced to the following tasks and will gradually take on more responsibilities:
Consulting and Support
Participate in risk analysis, threat modeling and security engineering sessions
Contribute to the design, review, and testing of secure components
Testing and DevSecOps
Support the planning and coordination of penetration tests with the Testing team
Operate, maintain and improve security tools and systems and help integrate them into CI/CD pipelines
Vulnerability and Incident Management
Maintain vulnerability databases and related processes
Perform initial assessment of vulnerabilities and hand over findings to Product teams
Contribute to mitigation planning and coordination with product teams
Secure Development Lifecycle
Support the implementation and improvement of secure development processes and coding guidelines
Training and Awareness
Create training materials and support awareness sessions for developers and operations teams
Requirements
You have attained a degree in Computer Science, IT Security, or any related field or equivalent qualifications or work record
Initial practical experience (internship, working student role or professional experience) in cybersecurity, software development or IT operations
You have basic knowledge in at least one of the following areas:
IT security tools and technologies
Secure software development
Penetration testing or vulnerability management
CI/CD and DevOps
You are interested in learning more and grow in the field of cybersecurity together with your team
You communicate well in both English and German
You want to be a responsible part of a growing team
What we offer
KROHNE owes its outstanding position primarily to the commitment and competence of KROHNIANS all over the world. That is why we also attach great importance to your development. Although innovative technology is at the center of our daily work, the “human factor” is firmly anchored in our tradition as a family-owned company. This is not only reflected in the numerous professional relationships and strong bonds between our employees – we also like to be measured by what we offer:
Flexible working and part-time models
40% mobile work possible
Long-term employment relationships
Private supplementary health insurance
Company pension scheme and social fund
Health and fitness offers
Modern, well-equipped workplaces
Company celebrations and events
Modern café and company canteen
Job ticket and bicycle leasing
Family atmosphere
Company info
World leading, based in Duisburg. This is KROHNE. We are a global manufacturer and supplier of process instrumentation, measurement technology solutions, and services for almost all industries. With our global network, local contacts, and international production facilities, we implement instrumentation projects of all sizes in more than 100 countries. Our innovative measurement technology helps to meet the highest quality standards and to conserve natural resources. Whether in the supply and treatment of drinking water, food processing, the loading of raw materials, or the manufacture of chemical products. Founded over 100 years ago, we are still an independent family business today. And keep reinventing ourselves. With us, success becomes measurable – including your personal success.
Do you want to work with us to find better and better solutions? Learn every day? And see the future as an opportunity? Then become part of our global team of more than 4,000 KROHNIANS.
We are looking for a (business) computer scientist or similar to start as soon as possible as
Cybersecurity Engineer (m/f/d)
Corporate department Research & Development | Duisburg
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Security
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése