Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ANALYTICS
CLOUD
AGILE
CHANGE MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ANALYTICS
CLOUD
AGILE
CHANGE
MANAGEMENT
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Lead strategic cross-ZEISS digital transformation programs that determine the success of our digital ecosystems
Identify, structure, and implement measures for ZEISS to deliver scalable digital solutions with a superior customer experience
Manage large, cross-functional project teams in an agile set-up and collaborate with our Design, Data Analytics and Cloud Engineering colleagues at ZEISS Digital Partners
Act as a thought leader and trusted advisor on digital transformation at ZEISS -Partner with ZEISS Business units and central functions (e.g., Sales, Service or Digital Solution Operation Teams) to enable their digital transformation
Manage diverse senior stakeholder groups across the ZEISS group
Requirements
Excellent University degree, preferably in natural sciences, engineering, informatics or business
5+ years of experience, preferably in management consulting, IT consulting or in digital transformation projects in a B2B industry
Track record of successfully leading large projects or programs using agile methodology
Strong drive to impact
Sound understanding of change management mechanics and tools for digital transformation
Very strong communication skills and the empathy to productively collaborate with people from diverse backgrounds
Business fluent German and English language skills
Company info
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése