Cég neve
BP Party Boat Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
1072 Budapest, Akácfa utca 49.
Fizetés
Nettó
550e - 650e Ft havi bér
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Vállalkozói
Részmunkaidő
Kötetlen munkaidő
Elvárt technológiák
WORDPRESS
CMS
DNS
SECURITY
ANALYTICS
DATABASES
DEBUGGING
TROUBLESHOOTING
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Magyar felsőfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Vállalkozói
Részmunkaidő
Kötetlen
munkaidő
WORDPRESS
CMS
DNS
SECURITY
ANALYTICS
DATABASES
DEBUGGING
TROUBLESHOOTING
Angol
középfok és Magyar felsőfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Feladatok
Location: Budapest (Hybrid)
Commitment: 28 hours/week
Reports to: Head of IT
Key Responsibilities
1. Website Management & Development
Build, maintain, and update multiple company websites (WordPress and custom built) and CMS platform
Implement new design features, pages, and content updates in line with marketing and SEO goals.
Manage hosting, domains, DNS, SSL certificates, and backups.
Ensure website uptime, speed optimization, and security at all times
2. Technical Ownership
Oversee and manage all integrations with booking systems, CRMs, APIs, and payment gateways.
Ensure websites are mobile-friendly, SEO-optimized, and GDPR-compliant.
Coordinate with designers, content creators, and marketing for consistent branding.
3. Analytics & Optimization
Implement and monitor Google Analytics, Tag Manager, Google Search Console and other conversion tracking tools.
Troubleshoot performance issues and assist marketing teams running A/B tests, and helping to propose improvements to boost conversions.
Regularly review SEO performance and work on technical SEO improvements.
4. Continuous Improvement & Innovation
Stay up to date on web technologies, trends, and tourism-sector tools.
Recommend and implement new digital solutions to enhance user experience and efficiency.
Elvárások
Ideal Candidate Profile
Education & Experience
Degree in Web Development, Computer Science, Digital Media, or equivalent experience.
5+ years’ experience managing or developing websites, preferably across multiple brands or domains.
Experience in tourism, hospitality, or event sectors is a plus.
Technical Skills
Strong proficiency with API's, specifically REST API's
Proficiency in Laravel and related technologies e.g. Mail, Composer, Sanctum for API etc.
Familiarity with Django and Django REST API
Understanding of relational databases
Understanding of reactive frameworks, specifically React and Vue.js
Understanding of component embedding and function - e.g. within Laravel and Django systems
Understanding of git, bitbucket, CI/CD (e.g. bitbucket pipelines) and SSH/SFTP
Understanding of reactive frameworks and libraries is an advantage
Strong understanding of GA4, Google Tag Manager, and event-based tracking
Hands-on experience with:
data layer implementation
conversion tracking setup (purchase, lead, custom events)
server-side tracking experience
debugging broken measurements (consent, cookies, missing events)
Solid knowledge of GDPR & Consent Mode (v2):
understands how consent affects GA4, Google Ads, Meta, TikTok
Experience with multi-domain / custom booking flows
Comfortable working with:
Looker Studio
data connectors (e.g. Porter Metrics)
CRO / heatmap tools (Hotjar, Clarity, etc.)
Előnyt jelent
Soft Skills
Highly organized and proactive - able to manage multiple projects independently.
Responsive and quick to address emerging issues, keeping the business’s immediate needs at the highest priority
Analytical mindset with a keen eye for UX and design consistency.
Strong problem-solving and troubleshooting skills.
Fluent English; Hungarian is a major advantage.
Amit kínálunk
What We Offer
Competitive salary based on experience.
Dynamic, international team and creative work environment.
Office in central Budapest with hybrid flexibility.
Opportunity to take ownership of multiple brands and grow with the company.
Discounts at our partner F+B locations
Free or discounted entry tickets to a range of recreational activities
Munkahelyi extrák
Kutyabarát
Céginformáció
Amigo Group Budapest is a fast-growing tourism and nightlife enterprise bringing people together through unforgettable experiences. Our brands - Budapest Boat Party, PartyBookers Budapest, Bingo Bar Crawl, Prosecco Boat and Ultimate Budapest - connect locals and travellers alike through tours, events, and authentic adventures across the city.
We’re looking for a hands-on, creative, and technically skilled Webmaster to take full ownership of our online web-presence whilst developing and maintaining our websites by optimizing performance, UX, and integrations across our brands.
Jelentkezés módja
Apply with your CV
Jelentkezés profillal
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
programozás, Fejlesztés
Programozó,
Fejlesztő
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése