Cég neve
INGENTIS Group
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Céges autó
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Francia felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Céges
autó
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Francia
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Impactful implementation:
You take ownership of the functional and technical introduction of our software at the client – from configuration through to go-live and transition into operations.
Technical expertise:
You coordinate with IT departments, clarify infrastructure requirements, and ensure everything runs smoothly.
Customer success:
You support international clients in using the org.manager, develop tailored solutions, and ensure sustainable onboarding.
Pre-sales power:
You support our sales team by delivering targeted product demonstrations and setting up test environments.
Requirements
Consulting / HR experience:
Several years of experience in consulting, internal HR, or HR IT – with a confident presence when working with large enterprise clients and engaging with HR and IT stakeholders.
Systems affinity:
You are familiar with HR systems such as SAP SuccessFactors, Workday, or Oracle HCM and translate complex requirements into smart technical solutions.
Analytical & proactive:
Strong IT affinity, structured working style, and a drive to move things forward.
Strong communicator:
Fluent French (minimum C1 level) and business-fluent German or English, comfortable working in an international environment.
Flexible:
Willingness to travel for exciting project assignments.
What we offer
Flexible working time arrangements
Up to 32 days of vacation
Corporate benefits
Tax-free benefits in kind
Remote friendly (50% office/ 50% remote)
Company car option, bike leasing, or supplementary company pension scheme
Shared company events and activities
Company-wide first-name culture
Company info
You are the bridge between technology and people. As a member of our experienced consulting team, you will become an expert in our application Ingentis org.manager. Working with international clients, you will support demanding implementation projects of our HR tool – from project handover through to a successful go-live. With your expertise, you ensure that our software is not only implemented, but also used successfully.
We are the experts when it comes to making organizations more efficient and high-performing. And beyond that, we're also a pretty cool team! We're on a first-name basis across the company and enjoy spending time together outside of work – whether around our ping-pong tables and billiards, or at other team events. Corporate benefits (massage, fruit and ice cream – free, of course) as well as attractive additional perks (tax-free benefits in kind, mobility budget, bike leasing, …), modern offices, and high-end IT equipment are a given with us.
Ingentis is a globally operating software company headquartered in Nuremberg, with locations in the United States (Petaluma, CA and Huntsville, AL), as well as in the United Kingdom and France. We develop software solutions for organizational charts, enterprise organization, and organizational analytics, enabling companies to continuously improve their organizational efficiency and performance. Our solutions help organizations visualize, analyze, and optimize their structures and HR data – empowering them to make more informed strategic decisions. Around the world, 2,000 renowned customers, including hundreds of Blue Chip companies, trust us.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
HR,
Human Relations
HR
Business Partner
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése