Cég neve
N26 GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
TESTING
ACCESS
CHANGE MANAGEMENT
JIRA
DATA MANAGEMENT
AGILE
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
TESTING
ACCESS
CHANGE
MANAGEMENT
JIRA
DATA
MANAGEMENT
AGILE
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
We are seeking a Workday Finance Functional Analyst experienced in working within the Workday tool specifically covering Financial Management, Expenses and Procurement.
Be the configuring Lead for Workday Financials, testing and documenting enhancements, improvements and bug fixing of our Workday Finance system.
Work closely with our Finance, Sourcing and TechOps teams to develop our technology landscape and integration with the goal of creating a delightful modern digital experience
Partner with business stakeholders across the organisation to identify needs and opportunities to improve our employee experience using technology
Lead decision making on business processes, design and architecture, as well as training and change management activities, utilizing business process mapping
Manage release cycles of new functionalities according to business
Ensure smooth running of our technology landscape, supporting users, investigating and addressing issues and if necessary working with the vendors on resolution using our Jira ticketing system
Lead implementation projects to introduce new solutions and capabilities
Analyze and report metrics on our technology activities in support of strategic decision-making initiatives and for ongoing measurement and continual improvement
Support data management and data architecture activities to ensure high quality data
Create and manage documentation to align our business process and architecture with banking and privacy compliance requirements
Report generation from Workday for key stakeholders
Requirements
Your background will have been working in Finance departments, you will understand the business processes to design a best in class service. You're also a digital native, a quick learner that is always looking for opportunities to make things better. You understand that you need great processes and technology to get things done so we can use it to create amazing experiences. You love to share ideas and find untraditional ways to collaborate and co-create, you learn from feedback and want to grow by creating a truly positive impact.
What you need to be successful:
Background:
3+ years experience working with Workday Financials
5-6+ years experience working within Finance departments.
Skills:
Experience working with at least one or more modules in Workday - Financial Management, Expenses and/or Procurement (essential)
Experience in process design and improvement
Experience in data management, administration and system configuration
Familiarity with Agile ways of working
Experience with Finance best practices and implementing technology solutions to support compliance requirements.
Love to learn and continuous improvement
Growth mindset
Great team player that loves to share and collaborate
What we offer
Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe's most talked about disruptors .
Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness & wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.
As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.
Vacation days vary depending on your location of work. Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.
A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.
N26 is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability status.
Company info
About the opportunity
Who we are
N26 has reimagined banking for today's digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it's how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.
We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.
Founded in 2013, N26 now has more than 8 million customers in 24 markets. We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése