Cég neve
Shopify
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
EXCEL
Elvárások
Angol anyanyelvi szint és
Német anyanyelvi szint
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
EXCEL
Angol
anyanyelvi szint és Német anyanyelvi szint
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a Global Accounts Solutions Engineer, you will play a critical role in designing and consulting on end-to-end technology solutions for the world's largest multi-brand conglomerates and global retailers; companies with dozens of brands, complex franchise structures, and operations spanning multiple regions and channels. You'll operate as part of a dedicated pod, bringing technical depth and strategic vision to our most complex accounts. You will work both directly with merchants and through our partners and collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including business stakeholders, project managers, developers, and infrastructure specialists, to successfully architect and deliver Shopify solutions at enterprise scale.
Collaborate with Fortune 100 customers to understand their business objectives, technical requirements, and challenges, and translate them into scalable and innovative technology solutions. You will leverage your expertise to design solutions that align with Shopify's best practices and industry standards.
Establish and own relationships with technical buyers in order to actively shape the tech vision and strategy for each customer. You will be the trusted advisor and the point of contact for global tech owners (CTOs, Architecture VPs, etc.)
Provide technical guidance to relevant stakeholders throughout the customer journey, from requirements gathering to deployment.
Lead the design and architecture of complex systems, ensuring they align with the customer's strategic goals and industry best practices both pre-sale and post-sale.
Develop comprehensive solution blueprints, including system architecture, integration patterns, & data models.
Conduct thorough analysis of existing systems and infrastructure, identifying areas for improvement and recommending appropriate solutions.
Collaborate with business stakeholders and project managers to define project scope, deliverables, and timelines.
Evaluate and recommend appropriate technologies, frameworks, and features to meet the customer's needs and ensure scalability, reliability, and performance.
Design unified commerce solutions spanning online, mobile, and physical retail (POS).
Stay up-to-date with the latest ecommerce trends, emerging technologies, and best practices; including AI-powered commerce, agentic storefronts, and conversational shopping experiences and proactively share knowledge with the team, customers, and partners.
Conduct technical presentations and workshops to demonstrate the value and feasibility of Shopify's solutions to customers and partners, enabling them to confidently position and deliver Shopify at enterprise scale.
Engage with technical stakeholders of multi-brand accounts on Shopify to design systems that promote high technical alignment across their brands on the platform.
Take an active role in designing and refining the role of a Global Accounts Solutions Engineer at Shopify to provide the maximum value to our customers and Shopify.
Requirements
Fluency in German required.
Qualifications
Minimum 7+ years of experience in solutions engineering or solutions architecture, preferably with enterprise-level clients within a technology/software environment.
Proven experience as a Solutions Engineer or Solutions Architect, working with Fortune 100 companies or large, multinational enterprise clients.
Deep understanding of technical strategy as it relates to operating and growing commerce businesses.
Proficiency in executive presence, business acumen, and problem-solving for customers.
Highly adept at gathering, inferring and interpreting complex business requirements from customers and translating those to technical requirements and solutions both in and outside of the Shopify platform.
Strong knowledge of enterprise architecture principles, design patterns, and best practices.
Expertise in designing and consulting on scalable and secure solutions across multiple platforms, including cloud-based environments.
Experience with unified commerce architectures spanning e-commerce and physical retail (POS), including understanding of omnichannel order management, inventory, and fulfillment.
Experience working with or through Global Systems Integrators either as a vendor, as a partner, or within an SI environment.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate with cross-functional teams and present technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.
Willingness to travel domestically and internationally as required.
Native or fluent in both English and German.
Ready to drive new business and make a significant impact at Shopify? Join us and help make commerce better for everyone.
About you
Moving at our pace brings a lot of change, complexity, and ambiguity—and a little bit of chaos. Shopifolk thrive on that and are comfortable being uncomfortable. That means Shopify is not the right place for everyone.
Before you apply, consider if you can:
Care deeply about what you do and about making commerce better for everyone
Excel by seeking professional and personal hypergrowth
Keep up with an unrelenting pace (the week, not the quarter)
Be resilient and resourceful in face of ambiguity and thrive on (rather than endure) change
Bring critical thought and opinion
Put AI agents and tools to work on the tasks they're built for, and focus on the work only humans can do
Embrace differences and disagreement to get shit done and move forward
Work digital-first for your daily work
We may use AI-enabled tools to screen, select, and assess applications.
What we offer
All AI outputs are reviewed and validated by our recruitment team.
We hire people, not resumes.
Company info
About the role
Shopify is making enterprise commerce simple. We give high growth, high volume merchants the scalability, reliability and flexibility they need. We believe large merchants should love their commerce platform and we work hard each day to make that happen.
Shopify's Global Accounts team has supported this mission by educating the largest, highest volume, and most complex customers on what is possible with our platform. Their passion is creating a merchant obsessed evaluation and buying experience that is the envy of the industry.
As commerce evolves toward AI-powered, conversational experiences, we're building the infrastructure that will power the next generation of enterprise retail, from agentic storefronts to unified commerce across online and physical channels.
About Shopify
Opportunity is not evenly distributed. Shopify puts independence within reach for anyone with a dream to start a business. We propel entrepreneurs and enterprises to scale the heights of their potential. Since 2006, we've grown to over 8,300 employees and generated over $1 trillion in sales for millions of merchants in 175 countries.
This is life-defining work that directly impacts people's lives as much as it transforms your own. This is putting the power of the few in the hands of the many, is a future with more voices rather than fewer, and is creating more choices instead of an elite option.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése