Cég neve
JT International Germany GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
POWERPOINT
TESTING
R
SPSS
PYTHON
EXCEL
MACHINE LEARNING
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
POWERPOINT
TESTING
R
SPSS
PYTHON
EXCEL
MACHINE
LEARNING
Angol
felsőfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Analyze product sensory and related consumer data utilizing advanced statistic tools to report CAT (consumer affective tests) and QDA (quantitative descriptive analysis) projects. Create product intelligence related to consumer needs beyond regular sensory, gathering and analyzing consumer-centric test data and focusing product development targets towards liking direction.
Provide technical advice on sensory target setting and taste equity confirmation for product development and technical projects from product intelligence point.
Establish and optimize sensory methodologies by developing customized testing methodologies in cooperation with stakeholders based on latest academic research and actively scout, present and discuss findings in the fast-moving consumer goods industry.
Investigate and identify potential applications of GenAI in the data analysis and consolidation of sensory data and consumer insights, identifying patterns and generating insights to drive consumer-centric product development.
Establish, manage and maintain global sensory panels and manage sensory panel evaluations.
Requirements
Relevant educational background:
Bachelor's or Master's degree in sensory science, food science, statistics, data science or a related field.
Practical experience:
Working experience (at least 3 years) in fast-moving consumer goods industries, reduced-risk products and other nicotine products development and/or sensory panel evaluation and consumer testing.
Valuable knowledge:
Excellent analytical skills with proficiency in statistical analysis (e.g., JMP, R, SPSS, Python). Understanding of quantitative and qualitative research tools and methodologies, excellent knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint and of any sensory systems (e.g., RedJade, Fizz).
Special strengths:
Experience with AI and machine learning applications in sensory science or related fields is advantageous. Fluent in English (written & spoken). Any other language is advantageous. German is considered as desirable.
Suitable personality:
Ability to present complex data in a simple and powerful way through data storytelling, high level of attention to detail, ability to act self-confidently with internal and external partners.
Practiced working time model:
Possibility of 50% mobile working within Germany on a monthly basis. Occasional international travels.
What we offer
Your team:
You will work in an open and international working environment with approx. 60 nations at the Trier site.
Your remuneration:
Above-average pay including 13th and 14th monthly salary and bonus as well as annual reviews. Individual company pension scheme and capital-forming benefits.
Your meals:
Our subsidized company canteen and numerous snack and coffee vending machines ensure your physical well-being.
Your appreciation:
You will receive regular feedback from us and, as your personal safety is important to us, we also protect you in your private life with our JTI accident insurance.
Your work-life balance:
You should enjoy your work! That's why we offer you 30 days of vacation for personal relaxation. You also have the option of doing mobile work in Germany for 50% of your working hours per month.
Your mobility offer:
With our BusinessBike program, we offer you the opportunity to lease the bike of your choice at attractive conditions as part of a permanent position. This is an uncomplicated and flexible way to promote your health.
Your development:
We focus on your personal development. We support you with a wide range of internal training courses as well as external training and development opportunities that are tailored specifically to you.
Company info
JTI is a leading international tobacco company with locations in more than 130 countries and world-famous brands such as Winston, Camel and American Spirit. With our brands Nordic Spirit, Logic and Ploom, we also focus on growth through innovations in the field of reduced-risk products. In Germany, we are the largest employer in our industry with over 2,000 employees.
As a multiple award-winning top employer, we offer an open and inclusive working environment with exciting tasks in a challenging environment. Flexible working concepts, diverse development opportunities and international career paths are part of our everyday life. Visit us at jti.com to find out more about JTI and what it's like to work for us.
To strengthen our R&D Tobacco Product Development team in Trier/Germany, we are looking for a
Product Intelligence Sensory Manager (m/f/d)
Job ID: 104744 / Location: Trier / Start:
as soon as possible
/ Contract type: permanent
Your job mission:
The role is vital for driving consumer-centric product development. You will apply your excellent statistics knowledge to contribute to sensory and consumer-directed product development. Hence, you will translate product intelligence into actionables in line with business strategies. The ideal candidate has experience with AI and machine learning applications in sensory science or related fields.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése