Cég neve
ING Deutschland
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
TESTING
ANALYTICS
API
CLOUD
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
TESTING
ANALYTICS
API
CLOUD
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Whether you maintain and prioritise the backlog, develop well-thought-out user stories and acceptance criteria, or steer ways of working and routines – thanks to you, our AI Delivery Squad is always on the right track and delivers agentic AI capabilities that are measurably better.
To ensure we build what is truly needed, you immerse yourself in functional and business challenges, understand what needs to be done, and work closely with business units, data scientists and engineers to translate requirements into robust technical solutions. In doing so, you define requirements, manage dependencies, and confidently handle risk and governance requirements.
From architecture and integration to implementation, you act as the advisory authority on the path to the optimal solution at a technical level. You support your team in delivering agentic AI and LLM systems and ensure best practices in LLM orchestration, tool integration, and testing and evaluation frameworks.
At all times, you maintain an overview, identify hurdles and obstacles – particularly with regard to scaling and integration – at an early stage, and proactively remove them.
And of course, you always keep a critical eye on the business perspective, develop business cases and benefit calculations, and diligently track the value realisation of agentic AI initiatives.
Requirements
Many years of professional experience in product management or technical leadership roles, ideally in AI, analytics or software engineering environments
Comprehensive understanding of the AI product lifecycle – including training, integration, deployment and evaluation, as well as operational monitoring and maintenance of AI systems
Strong communication skills with the ability to present complex technical topics clearly to business audiences
International project experience and excellent stakeholder management skills
Familiarity with and a conceptual understanding of LLM concepts such as prompt engineering, API integration, data pipelines and cloud platforms
Knowledge of data, AI risk and governance topics; experience with banking processes is a plus
A proactive, entrepreneurial mindset combined with a high degree of self-direction and a passion for innovation
Ability to think beyond one's own horizon and develop sustainable solutions
Fluency in spoken and written English; German is an advantage
What we offer
Company pension plan, capital-building offers, free Deutschlandticket & bicycle leasING, company restaurant
Hybrid working: In addition to working in the office, you can also work remotely – within operational, regulatory and legal requirements.
Individualized work schedule models, sabbatical, subsidization of nursing & childcare costs
Personal budget for continuing education and development as well as health; plus, a personal budget to set up your mobile working space
Company info
The ING is Germany's third largest retail bank. Working at ING is not just a job. Working for us is a chance to make a difference. How? Because as a global bank we touch the lives of millions of people and strive to have a positive impact on our society and planet. And thanks to our start-up mentality, we stay down-to-earth, approachable and personal – an unbanky bank.
Product Manager – Agentic AI & LLMs (f/m/x) in Frankfurt
Are AI, LLM and agents real-life expertise for you rather than mere buzzwords? Do you use your business expertise and IT know-how to build products with real added value? Perfect! With us, you can expect a collaborative company culture built on mutual respect, diverse career paths and plenty of room for personal development. Sounds good? Then apply – your CV is sufficient – and help take our agentic AI solutions to the next level.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése