Cég neve
Adobe Systems Europe Limited
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ADOBE
DATABASE
CMS
ANALYTICS
POWERPOINT
CLOUD
@ADOBE.
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ADOBE
DATABASE
CMS
ANALYTICS
POWERPOINT
CLOUD
@ADOBE.
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
The Opportunity
As a Solution Architect, you will partner with Adobe Customer Solutions (ACS) sales teams during the sales cycle to conduct customer discovery, scope out a roadmap of consulting and subscription services, and present your proposal to the customer. This involves maintaining a keen grasp of the Adobe product strategy, ACS offerings, and sales pipeline. It helps find opportunities where ACS can bring significant business value to our customers, such as increased revenue, improved customer experience, and reduced marketing spend.
What you'll do
Operate in a fast-paced environment across multiple customer opportunities in parallel.
Conduct business and technical discovery with customers, while partnering with representatives from Adobe's Client Solutions Sales
Problem solves novel solutions, architectures and use cases to help customers meet their objectives.
Develop robust recommendations, proposals and scope of work documents for Adobe Customer Solution engagements while also identifying critical dependencies & gaps.
Present your proposals to executive-level customers in a clear and compelling way.
Help customers understand Adobe's capabilities and the transformative power of digital marketing.
Continuously improve the Solution Architecture team's knowledge, methodologies and customer-facing collateral
Requirements
Proven experience as Pre-Sales or Post Sales Architect within a leading consulting firm or Software vendor
Proven expertise in CDPs including platforms like Adobe Experience Platform, Salesforce Tealium, Google 360, or Database / data warehousing technology.
Strong background in Marketing platforms such as Adobe Campaign, Adobe Journey Optimizer, or others
In-depth knowledge of the typical use cases of Digital Platform implementations (CMS, Analytics, Personalization, Marketing, Ecommerce, DAM, Mobile strategies etc.)
Understanding of Agentic AI, LLMs and AI Digital Transformation
Strong drive to solve customer problems and rapidly convert pipeline opportunities into closed deals.
Balance of business and technology competence; ability to articulate high-level technical solutions to business problems and to tie your solutions to program success criteria.
Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills, including ability to produce clear observations, analysis and conclusions based on customer interviews and data.
Excellent customer facing skills with experience presenting to and gaining agreement from senior leaders (Managers, Directors, VPs, CMOs, and CXOs)
Outstanding communications skills both oral and written (e.g., PowerPoint)
Ability to multi-task and prioritize across multiple sales opportunities at the same time.
Great teammate who can collaborate with multiple partners to arrive at the best solution.
Understanding of the Digital Marketing landscape and experience with relevant Digital Marketing strategies and technologies.
High degree of intellectual curiosity and ability to learn and apply new concepts and technologies in a wide variety of marketing subject areas.
Proficiency in English and German
Bonus: experience or knowledge of Adobe Marketing Cloud or other Adobe solutions.
What we offer
Adobe is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law. Learn more.
Adobe aims to make Adobe.com accessible to any and all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, email
Company info
Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe's all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We're passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.
We're on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!
Digital marketing and customer experience is advancing at a dizzying pace and companies are turning to the data platforms strategies and implementations. Solution Architects help customers succeed by guiding them on the right online marketing approaches. They also advise on product implementation methods, value realization, and the advisory and recurring service offerings needed to meet business objectives.
We have a fantastic opportunity for a Data Platform Solution Architect (EMEA) to join our team based in Germany.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése