Cég neve
N26 GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY
PYTHON
LINUX
CLOUD
AWS
ACCESS
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY
PYTHON
LINUX
CLOUD
AWS
ACCESS
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
In Observability you'll build the tools for monitoring and measuring infrastructure, microservices, and sometimes totally unique workloads. You'll put the developer experience at the front of your mind and implementations, and you'll contribute deeply to understanding and preventing incidents through tooling, automation, and people-centered processes. All the while you'll be thinking like an engineer. That means using automation to speed up repetitive tasks and to contribute to the security and compliance of the tech stack that you run and support.
Requirements
You need to be well-versed in the basics building blocks of observability: metrics, logs, and traces. You should also be familiar with the tools we need to extract (think things like Prometheus, StatsD, OpenTelemetry libraries), transform (tools like Vector, Beats, FluentBit), and load (OpenSearch, Grafana, etc.) this data in ways that your fellow engineers can make sense of it. Then, you should be comfortable with helping your colleagues understand this data so they can measure and monitor their applications and recover quickly for incidents..
Next, you'll need experience with at least one glue language like GoLang or Python. And you'll need to operate like your brain runs on Linux. Everything we do is in the cloud, so it's important that you like it, understand it, and know what it takes to observe it. Your entire environment, from provisioning to deployment, will be defined and managed as code using tools like Terraform and AWS CDK.
Finally, things change fast here. We like it that way! Even if you don't meet 100% of the criteria for this job, but you should have a strong desire to learn and improve, and you have a passion for working with bleeding-edge technologies, then you'd be a great asset to our team.
Bullet points version
Understanding of the basic building blocks of observability: metrics, logs, and traces
Experience using the right tools to extract data (think things like Prometheus, StatsD, OpenTelemetry libraries), transform data (tools like Vector, Beats, FluentBit), and load data (OpenSearch, Grafana, Datadog, etc.) so that your fellow engineers can make sense of it
Solid skills with at least one glue language like GoLang or Python
The ability to build in a cloud-only environment with with infrastructure as code tools like Terraform and AWS CDK
A brain that runs on Linux
What we offer
What's in it for you:
Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe's most talked about disruptors .
Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness & wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.
As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.
Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.
A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.
Equal Opportunities:
We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.
We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to
Visit our
website
to learn more about Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion at N26.
Company info
About the opportunity
We are seeking a Site Reliability Engineer to join the Observability group inside our Platform Engineering domain.
Platform Engineering's goal is to provide easy to use, self-service platforms to enable other segments to easily build, deploy and monitor their business applications. And Observability's role in that part of the company is to provide our users with end-to-end observability that's easy to use.
As one of the first banks completely hosted in the cloud, our security, resilience and productivity standards require a motivated and well balanced team. We are using a modern technology stack to match our principles when it comes to providing the framework for our development team, the company and our customers.
Who we are
N26 has reimagined banking for today's digital world. Technology and design empower
everything we do
and it's how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.
We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.
We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Administrator
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése