Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
In this role, you will join a global team in SAP Business Transformation Management Customer Success to make the Integrated Toolchain a reality at selected strategic customers. You will identify use cases for the Integrated Toolchain based on individual customer needs, drive the realization of those use cases and track the value of the solutions setup. Your role is crucial for driving success in BTM, for methodology incubation and for setting the foundation to scale across SAP.
You will engage in short and long term customer assignments, but also contribute in the Integrated Toolchain deep dive sessions focusing on collecting customer feedback and collaborating with the product teams when defining product roadmaps.
In your daily work you will make sure that a customer's business strategy can be translated into execution. This requires to engage with both, the team responsible to make the toolchain happen (e.g. Enterprise Architects, Business Process Management Experts, Transformation Leads), but also senior management and C-level executives. Based on a trustful relationship, you will thrive by generating referenceable customer success stories.
In order to achieve your goals, you will team-up with experts from SAP BTM, SAP Cloud ALM, SAP CS&D and colleagues from our partners Tricentis and Syniti. Your impact will be visible, scalable, and lasting.
Requirements
What you bring
You are a customer-focused professional with a hands-on mindset translating our Business Transformation Management vision into reality.
You bring:
8+ years of relevant professional experience
Hands-on experience in at least one of the following solutions: SAP Signavio, SAP LeanIX, SAP Cloud ALM, Tricentis, Syniti
Experience in enterprise business transformation projects aligning stakeholder priorities with system architectures and roadmaps (e.g. SAP S/4HANA transformation, RISE transformation, etc.)
Solid knowledge of SAP's Business Transformation Management strategy, the latest product portfolio including innovations and its impact for our customers
A value-driven mindset continuously assessing and measuring the value of planned and realized actions
An open, collaborative approach, working across teams and with partners.
Continuous motivation to strive for standardization, repeatability, and scalable delivery models
Flexibility and ability to quickly adapt in a new environment, where you can grow fast
Excellent communication skills also regarding senior management and C-levels, both within an IT team and across business functions
You will join a dynamic team within the Business Transformation Management (BTM) solution area that works close to Product and is at the forefront of shaping SAP's evolving SaaS and standardization mindset.
This is an environment where ownership is real, ideas move fast, and impact is felt immediately.
We collaborate openly, challenge constructively, and share a “roll-up-your-sleeves” and “let's make it happen” mentality. You'll have the freedom to build, influence, and scale new ways of delivering value—while growing your own impact across one of SAP's most strategic growth areas.
If you are energized by the opportunity to shape the future of how SAP helps customers navigate continuous transformation—this is where you will thrive.
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
We win with inclusionSAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 445796 | Work Area: Sales | Expected Travel: 0 - 30% | Career Status: Professional | Employment Type: Regular Full Time
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
Where you belong
Bring out your bestSAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Corporate
Leadership, Management
Head
of IT
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése