Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
VUE.
JAVASCRIPT.
SAP
@SAP.
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
VUE.
JAVASCRIPT.
SAP
@SAP.
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What you'll do:
The Role:
Use your familiarity with the Kubernetes controller runtime framework and/or modern front-end frameworks such as Vue.js to design, develop, test, and deploy new features for the Gardener Dashboard and gardenctl, the UI and CLI that power our platform.
Integrate new functionality and enhance the user experience, making Kubernetes management intuitive and efficient. Translate user needs into intuitive and aesthetically pleasing interfaces.
Invent and implement creative designs to visualize complex data in ways that are clear and actionable.
Optimize performance and resource consumption when presenting large real-time datasets.
Collaborate with a passionate team to troubleshoot and resolve issues, ensuring smooth operation of the Gardener Kubernetes Service.
Work closely with users and stakeholders to translate needs into functional, elegant solutions.
Develop and maintain Kubernetes controllers required by the dashboard and gardenctl.
Continuously learn and apply new technologies and best practices to keep us ahead of the curve.
Requirements
Good/Very good Kubernetes and cloud concepts.
Good/Very good programming and scripting knowledge, preferably in Go and/or JavaScript.
Good/Very good familiarity with the Kubernetes controller runtime framework and/or modern front-end frameworks such as Vue.js.
Work Experience of at least 2 years in Development.
A degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field, or equivalent work experience.
Good communication skills in English, both written and verbal. Proficiency in German beneficial.
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
We are a team of builders, innovators, and collaborators. Our culture is rooted in openness and trust. We believe the best ideas come from diverse perspectives, and we create space for every voice to be heard.
We thrive on curiosity and continuous learning. This is a place where you can make an impact that matters. Your work will influence not only SAP but also Europe's digital future. We support each other, we push boundaries together, and we never stop exploring what's next.
We are extremely proud of what we have built, and we would like you to be part of this journey. We're not just another project; we are the backbone of SAP's cloud-native infrastructure and a leading open-source solution trusted across industries.
#SAPEUAICloudCareers, #SAPORACareers
We win with
SAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 444928 | Work Area: Software-Design und Entwicklung | Expected Travel: 0 - 10% | Career Status: Berufserfahren | Employment Type: Part-Time, or Vollzeit,
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
Summary:
This is growth, not replacement. We're not just offering a job, we're inviting you to shape the future of cloud-native infrastructure at SAP and in all of Europe. We have committed to open source by donating our projects into the neutral NeoNephos foundation. Make your mark, invite others, and discover #SAPEUAICloudCareers. Let's build what's next together.
Gardener powers SAP's global landscape and is trusted as the foundation for countless enterprise workloads at SAP and outside. We adopt the Kubernetes open-source system for automating deployment, scaling, and management of containerized SAP solutions and business applications. We provide solutions to run and orchestrate Kubernetes clusters on public cloud, hybrid or SAP-owned infrastructures for a variety of enterprise use cases inside and outside of SAP.
The Gardener Dashboard team is working on the user interface and command-line tool that make managing Kubernetes clusters intuitive, efficient, and visually engaging. Our team brings deep knowledge in Go and JavaScript, and we value familiarity with the Kubernetes controller runtime framework and modern front-end frameworks such as Vue.js. If you're passionate about building elegant solutions that combine technical excellence with user-centric design, this is the place for you.
We're building ApeiroRA, an open-source reference architecture that strengthens Europe's digital sovereignty. This initiative is part of a broader movement to ensure security, sustainability, and compliance for cloud-to-edge computing. By joining us, you'll contribute to a project that's not just technical, it's strategic for Europe's future.
Meet the Team:
Bring out your
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése