Cég neve
MAN Truck & Bus Group
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Develop diagnostic and troubleshooting functions to quickly identify root causes and propose correct corrective actions
Collaborate closely with system and function owners in development projects to ensure strong diagnostic support built in
Define and validate requirements for production tools and diagnostic systems to ensure readiness for new product challenges
Follow up on product properties and support functional development within TRATON R&D systems development
Perform practical testing in vehicles and test rigs to verify diagnostic functions and troubleshooting effectiveness
Act as the service market representative in development projects, ensuring serviceability and uptime considerations are included
Requirements
M.Sc. in Mechatronics, Electrical Engineering, Embedded Systems, or equivalent experience
Proven experience with embedded systems and vehicle diagnostics with programming skills (e.g., JS, .net , Python)
Good technical understanding of automotive systems and technologies
Analytical and problem-solving mindset - ability to identify root causes and improve diagnostic logic
Collaborative and communicative - enjoys teamwork across R&D, production and service departments
Self-driven with strong initiative - takes ownership of projects and drives them to completion
Customer- and service-oriented mindset - understanding the needs of workshop technicians and end users
What we offer
Flexible working hours with trust-based working hours
Up to 80% working remotely as well as 20 days/year working from abroad in the EU
30 leave days + 6-8 additional free days due to conversion option
Attractive compensation with 5 special payments
Benefits and employee discounts including VW leasing offers
Company pension scheme
Digital learning from everywhere
Global career opportunities with TRATON brands in Sweden, USA and Brazil
Company info
to be filled from: now on
Your working environment
TRATON Research & Development (R&D) is undergoing a major transformation to establish a strong, global Group R&D organization. Our goal is to deliver a time-critical roadmap, deliver outstanding customer value, and drive innovation across our brands—Scania, MAN, INTERNATIONAL and Volkswagen Truck & Bus. This transformation will strengthen our competitiveness and position Group R&D as a key business partner within TRATON Group. We are now looking for you to be part of this exciting change journey, shaping the future of Group R&D.
At TRATON R&D, you are an important part of something bigger. Joining us means gaining access to the ins and outs of the entire transportation industry. As part of a global team of industry experts, you get to think bigger, experience more, and reach further. Being bigger also means being stronger. Together with our brands, we have the collective power to transform the transportation.
We see the individuality of our employees as a strength and welcome diverse applications from people with different backgrounds. If you need support during your application, please contact us.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Engineer
Electronic
Control Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése