Cég neve
Fraunhofer-Institut für Integrierte Schaltungen IIS
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
C
C++
ANDROID
LINUX
PYTHON
DOCKER
NETWORK
AGILE
CI
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
C
C++
ANDROID
LINUX
PYTHON
DOCKER
NETWORK
AGILE
CI
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Take initiative:
We are looking for ambitious software developers to implement our audio processing algorithms using in one of the most trending programming languages: Rust.
Deploy globally:
Join our team and help deliver cutting-edge software to international customers in the consumer electronics market.
Proven track record and urgent demand:
Historically, our focus has been on C/C++ implementations of the AAC codec family and providing the FDK-AAC software for Android is one of our key projects. But with Google shifting from C/C++ to Rust for all Android media processing, an urgent need for a new generation of implementations has arisen.
Own the port:
Your role will be to port the existing C/C++ code to Rust using agile development methods and state-of-the-art CI toolchains, including AI-assisted coding.
Don't worry
if some of that is new to you! You will be
on-boarded
to an
experienced team
of software developers.
Requirements
University degree
in
Electrical Engineering
,
Computer Science
,
Engineering Sciences
,
Media
Technologies
, or a related field
Excellent programming
skills in
C/C++
with experience in state-of-the-art development toolchains and CI (GNU/Linux environment, Python, GitLab CI/CD, Docker, VS Code, clang)
Ideally, a solid background in
Rust programming
, but more importantly an
eagerness to learn
Preferably, experience in digital signal processing, particularly for
speech and audio processing
and analysis, as well as in the field of Android OS, and
embedded software development
Fluent English
and the ability to collaborate effectively in
an international
,
multidisciplinary team
What we offer
An exciting role:
Attractive working environment at a global market leader of a major innovative industry
Inspiring culture:
Friendly and supportive working atmosphere within our international team
Room for creativity:
Projects with strong practical components motivate our employees to drive innovation.
We value personal contact:
Structured onboarding process enabling quick familiarization with our institute and successful expansion of your professional network
We take your needs seriously:
Work-life balance support through flexible working hours and hybrid work
Top of the line infrastructure at your workplace:
State-of-the-art technologies to meet the challenges of today and tomorrow
Your goals and interests are important to us:
Ongoing professional and personal seminars, coaching, and language classes.
We offer equal opportunities:
For example, the »Fraunhofer TALENTA« career program for female scientists
Complementary parking spaces, charging stations for electric cars, covered bicycle parking, and showers at the institute
In-house
health management
including sports courses, running groups, and relaxation seminars.
Company info
The Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft currently operates 75 institutes and research institutions throughout Germany and is the world's leading applied research organization. Around 32 000 employees work with an annual research budget of 3.4 billion euros. The Fraunhofer Institute for Integrated Circuits IIS, located in Erlangen, is the largest institute of the Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft with more than 1 200 employees.
Welcome to the Faunhofer Instiute for Integrated Circuits IIS, headquartered in Erlangen! As the largest institute within the Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft, we have been conducting research for over 30 years in diverse fields such as artificial intelligence, microelectronics, sensor systems, data acquisition, signal processing, and signal transmission. Talented individuals from various engineering and natural science disciplines will find a wide range of exciting research topics under one roof. A few highlights that reflect our innovative strength include neuromorphic computing, 5G/6G mobile communication technologies, generative AI in speech and signal processing, and X-ray imaging for e-mobility. And that's just the beginning!
What sustainable solution will you find with us?
Would you like to join Fraunhofer IIS's Audio and Media Technologies division and help port our award‑winning AAC codecs from C/C++ to Rust, delivering cutting‑edge audio processing to customers worldwide? Bring your Rust expertise to life in world-class audio products.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése