Cég neve
IPACKCHEM Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ERP
LINUX
UNIX
ORACLE
DATABASE
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
Nem kell tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ERP
LINUX
UNIX
ORACLE
DATABASE
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
Nem
kell tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Conducts feasibility studies and assists in determining best possible technical solutions.
Identify business process/situations that could be improved with ERP or peripheral solutions.
Troubleshoot, analyse and fix performance related issues, also further develop overall Performance Benchmarking tools and tuning.
Design and develop high-class automated health-monitoring and alerting tools, for the full end-to-end stack of applications.
Ensure compliance with Failover and Disaster Recovery.
Technical Implementation, Administration & Support of various Infor Peripheral systems such as Infor OS, LN UI, ION, Infor Warehouse Mobility (IWM), XM, EAM and PLM; as well as various integrated non-Infor systems and interfaces.
SLA compliance Operations experience, process and procedure driven.
Requirements
Bachelor’s Degree
Demonstrated experience as an Infor ERP LN Technical Administrator
Demonstrated involvement in an ERP implementation
Linux/Unix and Oracle database knowledge would be desirable
Is highly customer service orientated
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to clearly articulate technical solutions to both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Showing leadership skills would be desirable
Be open and respectful to cultural differences
What we offer
Great working environment
Opportunity to make an immediate impact
Total Rewards with a comprehensive focus on well-being
Competitive package that enables you to thrive, be engaged, and reach your full potential
Company info
Greif is a global leader in performance packaging located in 40 countries. The company delivers trusted, innovative, and tailored solutions that support some of the world's most in demand and fastest-growing industries.
With a commitment to legendary customer service, operational excellence, and global sustainability, Greif packages life's essentials - and creates lasting value for its colleagues, customers, and other stakeholders.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése