Cég neve
Adobe Systems Europe Limited
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ADOBE
CLOUD
@ADOBE.
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ADOBE
CLOUD
@ADOBE.
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What you will do:
As an Industry Solution Consultant, you'll act as a trusted advisor to our strategic customers. Understanding their business landscape and objectives and demonstrating and articulating the value of the Adobe solutions and how they optimise and support their digital strategies and solve their most important business challenges. You'll provide our customers with advice on digital change, helping them to exploit the Adobe Experience Cloud to strengthen their brand and grow their business and look for the value between Adobe Creative and Document Cloud.
As a key member of the account team, you'll collaborate with our sales organisation and work closely with our wider Technical, Consulting, Value and Customer Success teams.
The ideal candidate will have a blended technical and digital marketing background with a brilliant eye for presentation and compelling stories. You'll have the confidence to discuss our solutions and technology with both marketing and IT partners at all levels. The goal is to inspire customers with a compelling transformation vision, validate technical solutions, and foster long-term relationships that deliver tangible business outcomes.
What your key responsibilities will be:
Strategic Engagement & Vision
Develop and communicate a transformational 'Big Idea' that aligns Adobe solutions with customer challenges
Contribute to territory planning and account prioritization
Inspire customers by painting a compelling vision of digital transformation
Discovery & Qualification
Conduct discovery sessions to understand customer goals, use cases, tech stack, and gaps
Align business objectives with Adobe solutions to identify qualified opportunities
Lead early-stage activities such as Vision Planning Workshops, Discovery, and Vision Demos
Industry & Customer Expertise
Demonstrate deep industry knowledge
Showcase Adobe's point of view (POV) tailored to customer and industry-specific challenges
Technical Sales Process Ownership
Qualify Tech Fit early in the sales cycle
Manage the Tech Validation Plan, including Discovery, POV, and Tech Win phases
Ensure proper handoff to post-sales teams, including Tech Fit, Tech Risk, and Tech Win documentation
Relationship Management (internally & externally)
Build strong relationships with Account Executives to drive long-term account strategy
Request and align technical resources across the Adobe ecosystem
Maintain a visible presence in strategic conversations to raise risks early and to drive decisions
Requirements
Strong Industry Expertise as well as domain expertise in the field of digital marketing
Strong understanding of emerging trends like Agentic AI
Ability to craft and communicate transformational ideas that link Adobe's value to the customer's long-term strategic goals
Proficiency in leading discovery conversations to uncover business challenges, technical requirements, and transformation opportunities
Capability to align Adobe's offerings with customer needs and articulate the business value of proposed solutions
Skill in orchestrating across sales, solution consultants, technical teams, and business units to build a unified customer strategy
Expertise in leading complex, large sales cycles from discovery through to tech win, acting as the technical authority
Comfortable leading workshops, presentations, demos, and executive-level discussions with clarity and influence
A strong partnership mindset with the ability to establish trust with account teams and customer stakeholders
Driven to deliver results through ownership, follow-through, and commitment to excellence in every phase of the sales process
Excellent German & English skills, both written and spoken; additional languages are welcome
What we offer
Adobe is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law. Learn more.
Adobe aims to make Adobe.com accessible to any and all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, email
Company info
Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe's all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We're passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.
We're on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése