Cég neve
Tata Consultancy Services Limited
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Szakmai tréningek
Egészségbiztosítás
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Elvárások
Angol középfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Szakmai
tréningek
Egészségbiztosítás
Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Angol
középfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
ABOUT US:
In the IT Services area, TCS implements the best in class solutions in the Business 4.0 era to enable strong digital foundations for our customers worldwide. We are working with a wide range of technologies and programming languages.
IF WE BREAK THIS ROLE DOWN INTO KEY TASKS, THIS IS WHAT YOU'LL BE DOING:
Design, build, and maintain robust data pipelines that are scalable, efficient, and meet business needs
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand and translate business requirements into data solutions
Ensure data quality, integrity, and governance by implementing best practices in data management
Develop ETL processes and data flows
Support and enhance data platforms, databases, and data warehouses to enable advanced analytics
Implement CI/CD pipelines using GitHub Actions and JFrog for automated deployment and version control
Troubleshoot data pipelines and address any issues with real-time, batch data processing, and integrations
EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS YOU POSSESS:
5+ years of experience in data engineering
Experience with
cloud data warehouse
environments
Experience with
AWS Redshift
Hands-on experience with
dbt
for data transformation and model building
Strong
SQL
skills and deep understanding of query performance tuning in Redshift
Solid understanding of
data modeling principles
, including dimensional modeling (Kimball), normalized models, and hybrid strategies
Experience with monitoring tools (
CloudWatch
,
Redshift Console
)
Familiarity with
data versioning
,
CI/CD
, and collaborative development practices in dbt
… and we appreciate if you have:
Experience in Airflow, AWS Glue
HERE ARE A FEW BENEFITS YOU CAN EXPECT:
TCS has been delivering services from Hungary since 2001, making us a perfect choice if you’re looking for
stability.
We provide a wide range of benefits, including a market-leading
comprehensive private health care package.
We offer extensive
self-development opportunities
: our colleagues have many training possibilities for personal and professional growth.
At TCS Hungary there are both vertical and horizontal
career options
for those who like to challenge themselves and try out different areas and positions.
You will be part of a
global and diverse working environment
with relaxation areas, terraces, and a friendly atmosphere.
You can
seize the day
with us at our company events, hobby clubs, and sporting initiatives
An
attractive compensation package.
ABOUT YOUR CONTRACT
Full time, indefinite.
Working hours: 40 hours/week, office hours (hybrid).
Legal requirements: You need to be to be currently eligible to work in Hungary.
Work extras
Kávézó
Céges rendezvények
Kerékpártároló
Parkoló
Sportolási lehetőség
ABOUT YOUR APPLICATION:
Our data protection policy is available on our website.
Please only include in your CV information that is relevant for your application to this role.
Our recruitment team will carefully review all applications and will connect with those applicants that meet our current requirements
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
programozás, Fejlesztés
Adatbázisszakértő
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése