Cég neve
N26 GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
IOS
SWIFT.
ACCESS
AGILE
JIRA
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
IOS
SWIFT.
ACCESS
AGILE
JIRA
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
About the opportunity
You will work in the Grow & Engage domain. This is the heart of the customer experience ranging from the acquisition and signup to our premium membership tiers and the daily engagement of our users. You will work in teams delivering the newest and most innovative features serving our customers in the best way possible.
In this role, you will:
Build technologies that make banking more human as part of a high-performing team.
Proactively work on improving the iOS tech stack and ensure high quality standards.
Collaborate with other engineers in designing APIs used by the N26 app and contribute to a product that you can be proud of.
Work in a collaborative environment on challenging tasks and manage and coordinate releases for the cross-functional team.
Work constantly with the wider iOS team and collaborate with Product and stakeholders to understand their needs.
Use your knowledge of the system to make architectural decisions and independently develop features and tackle complex problems.
Requirements
What you need to be successful:
Background & Skills:
Demonstrated knowledge and deep understanding of the iOS platform and Swift.
The ability to showcase your experiences with a variety of iOS frameworks.
Experience working in an Agile development environment.
An excellent debugger with strong analytical skills.
Proficiency with tools like Jira, TestRail, or similar issues and test case management tools.
Full professional proficiency in English.
Traits:
Great communication skills and a sense of ownership.
A systematic problem-solving approach.
Proactiveness, collaboration, and an eagerness to learn.
What we offer
Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe's most talked-about disruptors.
Employee benefits including a competitive personal development budget, work-from-home budget, and discounts for fitness, wellness, language apps, and public transportation.
A free Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account, plus subscriptions for friends and family.
Vacation: An additional day of annual leave for each year of service.
Autonomy: A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting-edge technologies.
Relocation: A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.
Equal Opportunities
We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential. We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages.
Company info
N26 has reimagined banking for today's digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it's how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use. We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings.
We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése