Cég neve
N26 GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY
DEVOPS
ACCESS
REST
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY
DEVOPS
ACCESS
REST
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
In this role, you will manage and grow a talented group of engineers within our Product Security segment. You will drive the convergence of Application Security with Generative AI (GenAI) and Large Language Models (LLM), fostering a culture of automation and rapid innovation within a regulated European banking environment.
People & Team Leadership:
Support, invest in and develop an incredible team of talented engineers with clear expectations via practices such as 1:1s, goal setting, and constant feedback.
Recruit, manage, and retain the best talent for the delivery teams.
Create growth opportunities for team members and address gaps via mentoring and performance management.
Help make our people shine!
Technical Strategy & Execution:
Empower your team to build automation frameworks that enable the broader engineering organization to deliver secure features efficiently.
Guide the evolution of our Secure Software Development Lifecycle (SSDLC), moving from reactive gates to proactive, developer-centric security tooling.
Champion the adoption of security architecture best practices for microservices and mobile applications, ensuring scalability matches our growth.
Collaborate with product managers to plan projects, manage dependencies and ensure an optimal flow of value for customers.
Requirements
What you need to be successful:
Background & Skills:
Experience leading teams that balance security risks with the need for rapid product innovation in a fast-paced FinTech environment.
A track record of modernizing Product Security programs, specifically through Product Security design reviews, threat modeling, and automation.
Familiarity with the security challenges unique to AI-driven products and data governance, and the ability to mentor teams on these evolving threats.
Experience growing, coaching, and providing feedback to team members, including managing difficult conversations.
Strong leadership, planning, and communication skills with a passion for improving the work environment.
Nice to have: Previous experience in FinTech or a DevOps-enabled culture.
What we offer
What's in it for you:
Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe's most talked about disruptors.
Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness & wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.
Come together with your team in the office for a dedicated day of teamwork each week, plus another day of your choice, and enjoy the flexibility of remote work the rest of the time. Some roles may require additional in-office presence.
As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.
Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.
A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and backgrounds.
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.
Equal Opportunities:
We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.
We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to
Company info
About the opportunity
We are seeking an Associate Engineering Manager (in either our Barcelona or Berlin location) to lead the strategy for securing next-generation technologies at N26.
Who we are
N26 has reimagined banking for today's digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it's how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.
We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.
We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Security
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése