Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
SAP
ERP
@SAP.
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
SAP
ERP
@SAP.
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What you'll build
Are you a fast learner with a can-do mindset, eager to grow your expertise in architecture and drive cloud transformation? As a Digital Architecture Advisor (f/m/d), you will support customers within the Corporate segment in their transition to SAP Cloud ERP and other SAP cloud solutions, helping shape scalable, future-ready architectures.
You will analyze customer landscapes, identify transformation opportunities, and develop target architectures and cloud roadmaps for new and existing SAP customers at scale. You will work closely with SAP partners, coaching and guiding them throughout the customer engagement cycle as well as sharing best practices and driving partner autonomy.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Analyzing customers' existing landscape from the technology perspective and provide transformation recommendations based on the findings
Preparing outside-in target architecture based on available guidance and best practice recommendations to accelerate the scoping discussion with the customer
Understanding customers' business priorities and translating them into required business capabilities and associated SAP solutions
Defining target architectures and cloud roadmaps based on customers' requirements and needs
Developing best practices, templates and standardized deliverables to support scalable architecture engagement across the Corporate segment
Working closely with SAP partners to provide architectural guidance to increase partner autonomy
Requirements
A bachelor's or masters degree in business, computer science, engineering, mathematics, or a related discipline
Presales or consultant with professional working experience and strong understanding of fundamental principles of cloud architecture
Initial cross-functional knowledge in the SAP portfolio
Proficiency in using analytical tools and techniques to extract insights from data or systems
Experience with conducting thorough research, gathering relevant data, and drawing conclusions based on findings
Independent, well-organized solution-oriented and efficient working style
Team player with can do mentality who enjoys a fast-paced environment
Language skills: Fluency (spoken and written) in English and German
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
Location: Walldorf or Barcelona
We win with inclusionSAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, et al), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or disability, in compliance with applicable federal, state, and local legal requirements.
Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 447504 | Work Area: Pre-Sales | Expected Travel: 0 - 30% | Career Status: Professional | Employment Type: Regular Full Time | #LI-Hybrid
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
Where you belong
The Digital Transformation & Innovation Advisory, part of the Corporate & GROW MEE organization, leads end-to-end transformation initiatives across the region, directly supporting SAP's growth ambition in the Corporate segment. By combining strategic foresight, technical expertise, and entrepreneurial drive, the team strengthens organizational capabilities and delivers measurable, differentiated value to Corporate customers across MEE.
As a catalyst for growth and innovation, we create compelling digital assets that elevate the customer experience, leverage data-driven insights to design impactful campaigns, pioneer new engagement formats, and identify and win high-potential startups. Complementing this, the Digital Architecture Advisory bridges customer business strategy and SAP solutions by defining target architectures and translating them into pragmatic, outcome-driven roadmaps at scale—enabling the successful adoption of SAP's Business Suite portfolio.
Bring out your bestSAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése