Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What you'll do:
The Architecture Advisor (AA) for Discrete Manufacturing Industries (f/m/d) works closely with SAP's Sales organization to define the account strategy. AAs (f/m/d) are responsible for bridging the gap between the customer's business strategy and relevant solutions through crafting the to-be business and solution architectures and designing a transformation roadmap at the enterprise level to facilitate the customer's adoption of Cloud-based architectures. They are trusted advisors for the customer to achieve their desired to-be SAP-based Enterprise Architecture.
As an Architecture Advisor (AA), you (f/m/d) will focus on the following key areas:
Account Planning & Architecture Management Responsibilities
Support the assessment of current customer solutions from SAP and potential areas of opportunity for faster solution adoption & consumption, as well as footprint expansion.
Engage with customers to support sales cycles throughout the Customer Value Journey as an integral member of the SAP account team.
Drive business and IT architecture definitions to ensure consistency, cooperation, and alignment with SAP organizations, the customer, and partners.
Provide a linkage from the customer to SAP product development leadership.
Creating an SAP Architecture Vision for the Customer
Support building customer demand through appropriate thought leadership positioning.
Understand customer's business process map and business model with industry reference architecture focus​.
Understand customer's current enterprise landscape and future needs​.
Drive the positioning of standard cloud architectures (plug & play) leveraging standard cloud solutions. ​
Building Key Customer Architecture Deliverables: Business & Solution Architecture, Target State, Transformation Roadmap
Drive business architecture and capability mapping to solution design​.
Ensure IT feasibility of the business capabilities mapping to SAP solution architecture. ​
Support customer cloud transformation roadmap definition (business and application focus)​.
Drive customer cloud/hybrid transformation roadmap definition (standard cloud application and technology focus)​.
Being a Trusted Architecture Advisor for the Customer
Align living roadmap with current adoption/solution consumption​.
Support living roadmap governance & adaptation based on evolution of customer needs and SAP solutions​.
Drive solution expansion by highlighting value & linkages to the broader
Requirements
:
10+ years of experience with software/IT organizations as an IT Architecture or Enterprise Architecture Advisor and/or specific expertise with software solutions through Solution Management, Sales, Presales, Adoption/Consumption, Consulting or Business Development, demonstrating successful outcomes over multiple years.
Ideally experience in Manufacturing and Automotive industry.
Represent SAP as the trusted advisor within SAP and/or the market.
Deep knowledge of Cloud, Hosted Services, SaaS/ PaaS models and Cloud-based commerce/ business networks.
Proven professional networks in the market to drive pipeline and revenue growth for SAP.
Proven track record of success in the selected industry area, if required.
Proven leadership and project management experience.
Proven experience of driving tangible outcomes in Enterprise Architecture for customers.
Fluency both in German and in English MANDATORY.
Fluency in the language of local markets is desirable.
Education: Bachelor's degree (or equivalent) required, MBA or equivalent degree required from accredited university preferred.
Togaf or SAPIEA-10 certifications and Experience in using EAM tools is a an added value
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
best.
We with inclusion
SAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 445119 | Work Area: Pre-Sales | Expected Travel: 0 - 60% | Career Status: Berufserfahren | Employment Type: Vollzeit, unbefristet | Additional Locations: #
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
candidates
Where you :
At the core of our mission, the Architecture Advisor team is dedicated to guiding our customers through their cloud business transformation journey. Our experts work collaboratively to deliver tailored, consistent value to every customer, ensuring they achieve the best results from their cloud investments.
We are passionate about enhancing the end-to-end customer experience. By focusing on improving the adoption and consumption of SAP's products and services, we help customers unlock the full potential of their technology solutions.
What sets our team apart is our deep understanding of each customer's unique industry landscape. By speaking our customers' language, we build stronger foundations of trust and credibility. This allows us to engage with them in more meaningful ways, addressing industry-specific needs, challenges, and opportunities. The better we understand our customers, the easier it becomes to foster lasting relationships that drive real business transformation.
Whether helping customers overcome obstacles or identifying new growth avenues, the Architecture Advisor team is committed to delivering value every step of the
​
Bring your best
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Corporate
Leadership, Management
Head
of IT
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése