Cég neve
Experteer GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
RUBY
JAVASCRIPT.
API
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
RUBY
JAVASCRIPT.
API
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Depending on your experience and learning speed, you will be involved in one or more of the following tasks:
Develop and optimize our job data crawling pipeline, ensuring high-quality job data acquisition.
Implement and refine import mapping, improving data accuracy and classification.
Support the integration of external data sources via APIs or scraping frameworks.
Collaborate with product and engineering teams to enhance our data infrastructure.
Experiment with new technologies to improve automation and scaling of our data workflows.
Requirements
You are currently enrolled in a Bachelor's or Master's program in Computer Science, Business Informatics, Media Informatics, or a related field in Munich.
Availability for at least 10 months, working 15-20 hours per week.
Programming skills in Ruby and/or Javascript. Some experience or knowledge of object-oriented programming is a plus.
Strong interest in web crawling, data extraction, and API integrations.
Excellent communication skills and ability to collaborate effectively in an international team.
Proactive and independent working style – you are comfortable managing complex tasks with minimal supervision.
Excellent command of English (our working language).
What we offer
A highly talented, dynamic, and multinational team.
The chance to work on exciting and challenging projects independently or as part of a team.
A creative and collaborative atmosphere, flat hierarchies, and regular team events.
Flexible working times, hybrid work model, and an office in the heart of Munich.
Company info
Experteer offers senior executives the opportunity to actively develop their career. The premium career partner allows recruiters to discreetly contact senior professionals ready for a career change. Candidates can access more than 1.000.000 carefully curated executive positions and can also stay informed on relevant career topics and valuable insights.
Experteer, based in Munich, Germany, is operating since 2006 and connects more than 6 million candidates worldwide with exclusive job offers and renowned headhunters every day.
Do you enjoy working in an open and international environment? Then join our dynamic team.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése