Cég neve
Eaton
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
1123 Budapest, Nagyenyed utca 8-14.
Nézze meg a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét!
Ft/hó
Megnézem
Ön felfedte a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét
N.
e Ft/hó
Részletek
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Elvárások
Angol középfok
Nem kell tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Angol
középfok
Nem
kell tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
About us
Eaton’s mission is to improve the quality of life and the environment through the use of power management technologies and services. We provide sustainable solutions that help our customers effectively manage electrical, hydraulic, and mechanical power – more safely, more efficiently, and more reliably. Eaton’s 2019 revenues were $21.4 billion, and we sell products to customers in more than 175 countries. We have approximately 92,000 employees.
Job responsibilities
Passion for technology meets keenly managed business processes in the Early Talent Leadership Development Program – Information Technology track. This two-year rotational program consists of four, 6 months assignments.
This development program is strategically designed to expose participants to different core IT areas with the goal to provide diverse experience supporting Corporate IT teams drive innovation, scale AI responsibly, and champion a customer-first mindset. Development is accomplished through a variety of on-the- job experiences, professional networking and business learning.
The IT function is broad and this program will provide you with experiences which form the backbone for service delivery at a premier industrial diversified manufacturer. Throughout the program experience, participants will rotate through roles such as:
Cybersecurity Analyst
Cloud Engineer
AI Engineer
Data Engineer
Functional or Application Analyst
After completion of the program, your technical expertise combined with your newly acquired business acumen will get you ready to take on larger challenges within the Information Technology function including technical or people leader opportunities.
The program starts in September 2026, with initial locations in either Budapest or Warsaw.
Qualifications
Must currently possess or will have obtained a bachelor's degree in in System Engineering, Business Information Technology, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Data Science, or related by August 2026. A master's degree in these fields is also preferred.
Work or internship experience gained in IT is a plus (max. 3 years of experience).
Strong analytical and business process skills
Proven technical ability through coursework and/or work experience.
Effective communication.
Proactivity and curiosity.
Ability to learn fast and take challenging tasks.
Desire to build a leadership career in a multinational company.
Flexibility to relocate within the EMEA region during the program.
What Eaton offers:
Being part of a company that has been in business for more than 100 years, is well known in the industry, and has a major impact on the energy industry.
Work in a company with commitment to Inclusion & Diversity and Sustainability.
Comprehensive support throughout the relocation process, both during and after the program, tailored to your rotation.
Exclusive learning curriculum designed to bolster your leadership skills. During the program, you will attend 20 training sessions focused on developing key skills, such as critical thinking, emotional intelligence, career management and self-presentation.
Annual Early Talent Conference and other events to expand your network within Eaton by connecting with senior leaders and fellow participants on key topics – from sustainability and diversity to team management and business development.
Strong, agile, and diverse team locally and globally.
Hybrid worktime model for balancing your work and life.
We are committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities for job applicants and employees. Our recruitment processes use balanced selection criteria and avoid unlawful discrimination against applicants on the basis of their age, colour, disability, marital status, national origin, gender, gender identity, genetic information, race or racial origin, religion, sexual orientation or any other status protected or required by law.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Corporate
Leadership, Management
Leadership
Programmes
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése