Cég neve
Karlsruher Institut für Technologie (KIT) Campus Nord
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
conceptualize and set up the spatial reconstruction framework based on generative AI
develop and benchmark AI-based methods (GAN, diffusion, transformer) and standard interpolation techniques (graph/spatiotemporal interpolation, kriging/GPs)
integrate heterogeneous data sources and coordinate joint model development with project partners
assist in the setup and maintenance of the roof sensors including data curation
summarize, present, and publish the project results
A part-time position is possible.
Requirements
Specifically, you have:
a PhD degree in the field of Artificial Intelligence or the wider field of Machine Learning, ideally in the context of hydrology, meteorology or associated fields
strong skills in developing and training deep neural networks, ideally using pytorch
expertise with handling large datasets and machine learning workflows
basic knowledge of hydrology, meteorology and remote sensing
demonstrated history of publications in peer-reviewed journals
willingness to travel and to assist in the installation and maintenance of soil moisture sensors.
You will also need to have a good command of written and spoken English.
What we offer
Become a member of staff of the only German University of Excellence that conducts large-scale research on the national level. Work under excellent working conditions in an international environment and be active in research and academic education for our future. Benefit from specific training when starting your job and from a wide range of further qualification offers. Use our flexible working time models (flexitime, work from home).
We prefer to balance the number of employees (f/m/d). Therefore we kindly ask female applicants to apply for this job.
Recognized severely disabled persons will be preferred if they are equally qualified.
Company info
Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) – The University in the Helmholtz Association
In close partnership with society, KIT develops solutions for urgent challenges – from climate change, energy transition and sustainable use of natural resources to artificial intelligence, sovereignty and an aging population. As The University in the Helmholtz Association, KIT unites scientific excellence from insight to application-driven research under one roof – and is thus in a unique position to drive this transformation. As a University of Excellence, KIT offers its more than 10,000 employees and 22,800 students outstanding opportunities to shape a sustainable and resilient future.
KIT – Science for Impact
.
We are looking for Institut für Meteorologie und Klimaforschung Atmosphärische Umweltforschung (IMKIFU) offers as of April 2026, limited until March, 31st 2029 a
Postdoc (f/m/d)
.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Environment,
Agriculture
Environmental
Protection, Water Management
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése