Cég neve
MAN Truck & Bus Group
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
BACKEND
ANGULAR
TESTING
C
AWS
AZURE
NOSQL
DATABASES
SQL
MYSQL
DEVOPS
DOCKER
TROUBLESHOOTING
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
BACKEND
ANGULAR
TESTING
C
AWS
AZURE
NOSQL
DATABASES
SQL
MYSQL
DEVOPS
DOCKER
TROUBLESHOOTING
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Design, develop, and maintain full stack applications within the Workshop Suite, focused on vehicle adjustments and digital consistency checks
Ensure seamless integration between vehicle-side diagnostic tools and cloud-based services
Develop scalable and secure backend services supporting real-time vehicle data validation and adjustment handling
Build responsive, user-friendly front-end components using Angular to support workshop workflows for troubleshooting, maintenance, and rebuilds
Collaborate closely with system architects, product owners, and other development teams to ensure high-quality, maintainable solutions aligned with TRATON's digital ecosystem
Implement automated testing, CI/CD pipelines, and cloud deployment practices to maintain reliability and performance
Requirements
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field
Strong full-stack development experience with C#, .NET Core and Angular
Experience integrating systems with cloud services (AWS or Azure; knowledge of AWS ECS, Lambda, and S3 is an advantage)
Proficiency in developing RESTful APIs and working with relational or NoSQL databases (e.g., MS SQL, MySQL)
Familiarity with DevOps practices - CI/CD, Docker, Terraform, and monitoring tools (e.g., Datadog, CloudWatch
What we offer
Flexible working hours with trust-based working hours
Up to 80% working remotely as well as 20 days/year working from abroad in the EU
30 leave days + 6-8 additional free days due to conversion option
Attractive compensation with 5 special payments
Benefits and employee discounts including VW leasing offers
Company pension scheme
Digital learning from everywhere
Global career opportunities with TRATON brands in Sweden, USA and Brazil
Company info
to be filled from:
now on
Your working environment
TRATON Research & Development (R&D) is undergoing a major transformation to establish a strong, global Group R&D organization. Our goal is to deliver a time-critical roadmap, deliver outstanding customer value, and drive innovation across our brands—Scania, MAN, INTERNATIONAL and Volkswagen Truck & Bus. This transformation will strengthen our competitiveness and position Group R&D as a key business partner within TRATON Group. We are now looking for you to be part of this exciting change journey, shaping the future of Group R&D.
At TRATON R&D, you are an important part of something bigger. Joining us means gaining access to the ins and outs of the entire transportation industry. As part of a global team of industry experts, you get to think bigger, experience more, and reach further. Being bigger also means being stronger. Together with our brands, we have the collective power to transform the transportation.
We see the individuality of our employees as a strength and welcome diverse applications from people with different backgrounds. If you need support during your application, please contact us.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése