Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As the Solution Advisor (f/m/d) (SA), you will be the go-to person for any solution or product questions within the sales team. You will leverage your deep expertise in specific solutions to support the entire sales cycle, from identifying opportunities to post-sale customer support. Additionally, you will assist customers in expanding their current SAP footprint to maximize value for their organization.
Solution expertise and demonstration: Bring deep solution-specific expertise to support new sales and adoption for key customers. Provide both standard and customized demonstrations that showcase the value of SAP solutions.
Sales support and opportunity development: Partner with the Account Team to deliver solution presentations and events, identify and qualify new opportunities, and drive adoption and consumption. Evaluate account qualification criteria to guide investment decisions.
Strategic leadership and differentiation: Establish yourself as a thought leader within the account team, refine account strategy, and collaborate on creating overall themes and competitive differentiation. Conduct dry runs to ensure readiness for strategic deals and engagements.
Customer engagement and lifecycle continuity: Engage customers throughout their journey—transitioning engagements smoothly to implementation partners or Services teams, reinforcing the vision of SAP solutions, and fostering eagerness for renewals.
Digital enablement: Leverage digital assets such as demos, presentations, and curated content to maximize impact across customer engagements.
Requirements
What you bring
Industry and solution expertise: Bring experience from large software/IT organizations—ideally in SAP Planning & Analytics Architecture—and be recognized as an SAP solutions, line-of-business, or industry expert with a strong track record.
SAP BDC and analytics knowledge: Demonstrate SAP Business Data Cloud expertise and/or several years of experience in Planning, Analytics, and Data.
Cloud and SaaS proficiency: Possess working knowledge of Cloud, Hosted Services, and SaaS/PaaS models in B2B environments.
Customer engagement and storytelling: Create compelling storylines and themes for customer interactions. Quickly understand customer business goals, keep them central to solution recommendations, and bring passion and energy to every engagement.
Language requirements: Full working proficiency in German and Business English is required; additional languages are a plus.
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
All SAP locations in Germany as for example Walldorf, Hamburg, Berlin, Ratingen, Eschborn, Gerlingen, Hallbergmoos are possible.
Where you belong
We pride on a work environment that is inclusive and diverse. Every idea and perspective are valued.
We win with
SAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 436279 | Work Area: Pre-Sales | Expected Travel: 0 - 30% | Career Status: Professional | Employment Type: Full time or part time unlimited | Location: All SAP locations in Germany as for example Walldorf, Hamburg, Berlin, Ratingen, Eschborn, Gerlingen, Hallbergmoos are possible. | #LI-
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
Customer Advocate: Collaborate to complement solution expertise and support customers.
Global Digital Content Factory: Leverage digital assets created by the team throughout customer engagement.
Implementation Partner/Customer Services & Delivery: Efficiently transition customer engagement for successful deployment and realization of solution value.
SAP Account Teams: Share best practices and collaborate on providing solutions and services support across the entire customer journey.
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Sales,
Trade
IT
Sales Representative
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése