Cég neve
MAN Truck & Bus Group
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Build, lead, and develop a new software development group in Munich, including responsibility for recruitment, onboarding, competence development, and establishing team culture.
Provide functional leadership for approximately 14 employees across Munich and Södertälje, consisting of Software Developers and Product Owners.
Act as legal manager for additional employees located in Munich, in close collaboration with their functional managers in Södertälje.
Define and establish ways of working, team structure, and development processes that align with the overall Vehicle Service Information organisation within TRATON R&D.
Work closely with Section Manager and group managers as part of the management team for Development of Service Products, contributing to strategy, planning, and organisational development.
Ensure strong team deliveries within key areas of the the Workshop Suite (Adjustments, Consistency Check, AWS Infrastructure, Shared Software Services, and User Management).
Drive cross-site collaboration between Germany, Sweden, and other TRATON brands, including regular business travel between Munich and Södertälje.
Requirements
Several years of experience as a Manager in software development, preferably in Automotive.
Solid background in software engineering with the ability to engage in technical discussions.
Proven experience in building or scaling teams, including recruitment, onboarding, and team development.
Strong ability to collaborate across locations, cultures, and organisational boundaries.
Experience establishing ways of working and processes in evolving or fast-growing environments.
Fluency in English is essential; German and/or Swedish knowledge is a merit but not required.
Willingness to travel regularly between Munich and Södertälje, especially during onboarding and team-building phases.
Visionary and self-driven, able to build a new organisation with clarity, direction, and purpose.
Change-positive and adaptable, thrives in dynamic environments lacking predefined structures.
Communicative and collaborative, skilled at connecting teams and stakeholders across locations.
People-oriented and inclusive, focused on team development, motivation, and a strong organisational culture.
Structured and pragmatic, capable of balancing strategic direction with operational execution.
Trust-building and transparent, promotes openness, psychological safety, and shared ownership
What we offer
Flexible working hours through trust-based working hours
Work up to 80% remotely and 20 days/year from other EU countries
30 days vacation + 6-8 days through conversion options
Attractive remuneration with 5 special payments
Benefits and employee discounts incl. VW leasing offers
Company pension scheme
Digital learning from anywhere
Global career opportunities at TRATON brands in Sweden, the USA and Brazil
Company info
TRATON Research & Development (R&D) is undergoing a major transformation to establish a strong, global Group R&D organization. Our goal is to deliver a time-critical roadmap, deliver outstanding customer value, and drive innovation across our brands—Scania, MAN, INTERNATIONAL and Volkswagen Truck & Bus. This transformation will strengthen our competitiveness and position Group R&D as a key business partner within TRATON Group. We are now looking for you to be part of this exciting change journey, shaping the future of Group R&D.
About us
At TRATON R&D, you are an important part of something bigger. Joining us means gaining access to the ins and outs of the entire transportation industry. As part of a global team of industry experts, you get to think bigger, experience more, and reach further. Being bigger also means being stronger. Together with our brands, we have the collective power to transform the transportation.
We see the individuality of our employees as a strength and welcome diverse applications from people with different backgrounds. If you need support during your application, please contact us.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Corporate
Leadership, Management
Head
of IT
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése