Cég neve
Kyndryl
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
felsőfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
We're looking for a proactive, results-driven Senior Lead Customer Partner to lead account growth and win new business in the Financial Services and Insurance sector. You'll own relationships with C-level executives, drive large IT services deals, and expand Kyndryl's footprint through strategic selling and relentless pursuit of opportunities.
Requirements
Key Responsibilities
Drive new business acquisition and grow existing accounts in FSI.
Build and maintain strong relationships with senior IT leaders and C-level executives (CIO, CTO, COO).
Develop and execute account strategies to win complex IT services deals (managed services, outsourcing, cloud transformation).
Identify and qualify new opportunities, negotiate contracts, and close deals.
Ensure delivery of solutions aligned with customer needs and objectives.
Forecast, track, and report on account performance and pipeline.
Collaborate with internal teams and partners to build go-to-market strategies.
Own account P&L and customer satisfaction.
Required Experience & Skills
5–10 years in direct sales or business development within Financial Services.
Proven track record of winning large, complex IT services deals.
Ability to build networks and relationships with banking or insurance clients.
Strong understanding of IT infrastructure, cloud, and regulatory requirements in FSI.
Comfortable engaging at C-level and senior IT leadership.
Hunter mentality: proactive, self-driven, thrives on new business acquisition.
Experience with CRM tools and Microsoft 365.
BA/BS or MA/MS in IT, Business Administration, Sales, or related field.
Language & Location
Fluent in
German and English
.
Based in
Germany
(preferred: Munich, Stuttgart, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Berlin, Düsseldorf, Cologne).
What we offer
With state-of-the-art resources and Fortune 100 clients, every day is an opportunity to innovate, build new capabilities, new relationships, new processes, and new value. Kyndryl cares about your well-being and prides itself on offering benefits that give you choice, reflect the diversity of our employees and support you and your family through the moments that matter – wherever you are in your life journey. Our employee learning programs give you access to the best learning in the industry to receive certifications, including Microsoft, Google, Amazon, Skillsoft, and many more. Through our company-wide volunteering and giving platform, you can donate, start fundraisers, volunteer, and search over 2 million non-profit organizations. At Kyndryl, we invest heavily in you, we want you to succeed so that together, we will all succeed.
Company info
At Kyndryl, we design, build, manage and modernize the mission-critical technology systems that the world depends on every day. So why work at Kyndryl? We are always moving forward – always pushing ourselves to go further in our efforts to build a more equitable, inclusive world for our employees, our customers and our communities.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Bank,
Insurance, Brokering
Investment
Planner
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése