Cég neve
Experteer GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
DATA MANAGEMENT
MACHINE LEARNING
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok és
Francia középfok és
Spanyol középfok és
Olasz középfok és
Holland középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
DATA
MANAGEMENT
MACHINE
LEARNING
Angol
középfok és Német középfok és Francia középfok és Spanyol középfok és Olasz középfok és Holland középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Depending on your interests, knowledge, speed of learning and skills, you can quickly grow and be involved in one or more of the following tasks:
Become familiar with our technology stack and learn everything about the high-level job market and our job classification framework.
Research and select the most high-level jobs and classify them according to our key criteria.
Collaborate with the product and engineering teams to improve internal data management tools that you will be working with.
Help us train and improve our machine learning software so that the data flow is reliable, quick, and stable.
Increase our data pipeline by supporting the roll-out and scaling of our core crawling technology.
Analyze data of companies and salaries and implement them into our job classification framework.
Requirements
Student halfway through your bachelor's or just started your master's.
Availability for at least 10 months, working 15-20 hours per week.
Be proactive, work with minimum supervision, show initiative.
Excellent command of English is essential. A second language (German, Dutch, French, Italian, or Spanish) is desirable.
Tech savvy, advanced skills/knowledge of the internet, its tools, and technologies.
Analytical thinking, qualitative and quantitative analysis skills.
What we offer
A highly talented, dynamic, and multinational team
The chance to work on exciting and challenging projects either independently or as part of a team
A creative working atmosphere, flat hierarchies, and regular team events that unite the more than 20 different nationalities at Experteer
Flexible working times, hybrid work model, and an office in the heart of Munich.
Company info
Experteer offers senior executives the opportunity to actively develop their career. The premium career partner allows recruiters to discreetly contact senior professionals ready for a career change. Candidates can access more than 1.000.000 carefully curated executive positions and can also stay informed on relevant career topics and valuable insights.
Experteer, based in Munich, Germany, is operating since 2006 and connects more than 6 million candidates worldwide with exclusive job offers and renowned headhunters every day.
Do you enjoy working in an open and international environment? Then join our dynamic team.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése