Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Seeing beyond - future of medical technology
For more than 100 years, ZEISS medical technology has been driving progress in ophthalmology and microsurgery. In ophthalmology, our solutions help to maintain and improve people's vision at every stage of their lives. In microsurgery, our solutions enable targeted interventions on diseased tissue so that small and sensitive organs continue to function optimally. Medical technology from ZEISS supports medical professionals in improving the lives of patients worldwide. The fact that our actions have a direct impact on people's well-being is what drives us every day.
As an eCommerce Support Specialist, you will deliver technical support for ZEISS Medical Technology's eCommerce solutions, ensuring swift resolution of complex issues and an outstanding customer experience. Your role demands technical expertise, collaboration across global teams, and a proactive drive for continuous improvement.
Your Role
Shape the Future of Medical Technology:
Become part of an innovative team within the ZEISS Medical Technology segment and actively contribute to the advancement of our eCommerce solutions.
eCommerce Applications Expert:
Establish yourself as the go-to expert for our eCommerce applications and connected systems. Act as the primary support contact for our international sales organizations, providing them with your expertise.
Optimize Global Processes:
Manage and continuously improving the global eCommerce support process. Assess and prioritize high-level support requests and facilitate communication with the relevant development teams.
Strengthen the Global Key User Community:
Create and conduct user training sessions and communicate application changes to ensure all users are well-informed.
Requirements
Educational Background:
You hold a university degree in business administration, engineering, IT, or a related field, or you are an IT specialist with professional experience, providing you with a solid foundation for this role.
eCommerce and PIM Systems Experience:
You have initial experience with eCommerce systems and Product Information Management (PIM) systems, enabling you to navigate these platforms effectively.
Technical Knowledge:
Familiarity with SAP ERP and development/ticketing tools such as JIRA and Confluence is desirable, enhancing your ability to manage complex systems.
Digital Affinity and Problem-Solving Skills:
You possess a strong affinity for digital applications, coupled with excellent analytical skills. You are adept at solving problems independently and proactively.
International Experience:
You have gained initial international working experience, equipping you to thrive in a global environment.
Communication Skills:
You have excellent English communication skills, with additional languages being a plus. This proficiency empowers you to drive digital change within a larger organization effectively.
Temporary Position: This role is a parental leave cover and is therefore limited to a duration of 2 years.
Company info
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Business
Supporting Centres
IT
Support
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése