Cég neve
Metabowerke GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
DYNAMICS
ERP
C
CLOUD
DEVOPS
AZURE
TEST AUTOMATION
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
DYNAMICS
ERP
C
CLOUD
DEVOPS
AZURE
TEST
AUTOMATION
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
You analyse global and local business requirements and design Business Central/NAV solutions that follow established standards while contributing to the global NAV/BC strategy and the ongoing standardization of our ERP landscape.
Using AL and C/AL, you will develop, configure and enhance BC/NAV applications, ensuring clean, maintainable and upgrade-safe implementations that will continuously improve our global ERP template.
You coordinate the integration of Business Central with surrounding systems by working closely with internal teams, international stakeholders and external vendors to ensure reliable, efficient and standardized data flows.
Stable system and secure ERP operations are ensured by resolving incidents, supporting release processes and CI/CD pipelines, and proactively identifying technical and functional improvements in line with the Global ERP team.
Requirements
You hold a degree in Computer Science, Business Informatics or a related field and you have at least seven years' experience working with Microsoft Dynamics NAV/Business Central in international environments, ideally including involvement in global ERP initiatives or rollout projects.
Strong expertise in AL/CAL development, extension architecture, integration concepts and ERP standardisation is evident in your work, as is familiarity with strategic aspects such as aligning technical solutions with global process standards and contributing to the continuous evolution of an international ERP template.
You are familiar with cloud environments and DevOps practices, including CI/CD pipelines, test automation, code reviews, and structured release management. Ideally, you will have experience of using the Azure DevOps toolchain.
You communicate confidently in English, collaborate effectively with international stakeholders, take ownership of your topics end-to-end, and are willing to travel internationally up to 10%. Proficiency in German is an additional bonus.
What we offer
Flexible Working:
You can work flexibly and remotely with modern equipment (hybrid working model) to align your workday with travel requirements. You will also receive 30 days of paid vacation per year (available already during the probation period) and a permanent employment contract.
Team & Culture:
Benefit from our collegial working atmosphere, open corporate culture, and structured onboarding process – and look forward to team events and shared experiences.
Health & Development:
In addition to professional and personal development opportunities (internal and external academy), we support your well-being with offers in the areas of movement, nutrition, and relaxation: massages, health campaigns, weekly activities, eyewear subsidies, a company canteen with indoor and outdoor areas, and much more.
Attractive Extras:
Enjoy great employee discounts, pension and insurance benefits, bike leasing, and many other perks – as well as exciting insights into our future-oriented power tools.
Company info
Our globally recognized power tools are developed, produced, and sold by our 5,500 employees from over 100 countries with green passion.
Professional users around the world rely on our brands HiKOKI, Metabo, Metabo HPT, and Carat in the KOKI Group.
This is also underlined by our more than 40 sustainable battery partnerships (CAS).
We combine tradition and innovation, internationality and down-to-earthness to form a harmonious whole.
Discover our power and help shape the future of KOKI!
MS Dynamics BC / NAV– Technical Consultant (job for all genders)
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése