Cég neve
FREQUENTIS COMSOFT GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PYTHON
SECURITY
LINUX
BASH
ANSIBLE
C++
JAVA
ACCESS
TROUBLESHOOTING
VIRTUALIZATION
NETWORK
C
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
PYTHON
SECURITY
LINUX
BASH
ANSIBLE
C++
JAVA
ACCESS
TROUBLESHOOTING
VIRTUALIZATION
NETWORK
C
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a systems engineer, you will work closely with colleagues in the project teams
If you are interested and suitable, you also could participate in software development for air traffic control products
You will act as the technical interface between the customer and our internal contacts
You will be responsible for system design and implementation of the technical system architecture
You will be responsible for integrating our systems at our customers' sites.
You will conduct customer training on the operation and maintenance of our products
You will prepare and carry out customer acceptance tests (in-house and on-site).
Requirements
Degree in computer science or comparable qualification
Very good knowledge of the installation, configuration, and administration of Linux systems (Red Hat)
Practical experience in scripting (bash, python, ansible)
You enjoy developing complex technical solutions
You have practical experience in the areas of computer networks (design, implementation, monitoring, troubleshooting), network security, and virtualization
You have a confident manner when dealing with customers
You provide our customers with excellent technical support
Excellent written and spoken English skills (business fluent), knowledge of other languages is an advantage
Willingness to travel worldwide (30%)
In-depth knowledge of at least one high-level language (Java, C/C++, Rust, Ada, etc.) is an advantage
What we offer
Flexible, family friendly working hours
Lively, open culture
Permanent employment contracts
International career opportunities
Company gym
Offices with max. 4 people
Rooftop terrace
Free beverages
Corporate events
Easy access to public transport
Home Office
Your individual salary is based on your professional experience and qualifications and is part of our attractive total package.
Company info
Even though we maintain our feet on the ground, our second home will always remain in the sky. As a medium-sized IT company situated in Karlsruhe Germany, developing tailored solutions for global air traffic control authorities is our forte. Our contribution to Flight security, can be found in our systems that operate at various flight control centres and airports, located in more than 80 countries of the world. FREQUENTIS COMSOFT is part of the successful Frequentis group, situated in Vienna, Austria.
So, are you ready to take off?
System Engineer Tracker (all genders)
KARLSRUHE | FROM NOW ON | FULL TIME
Our Values
At Frequentis Comsoft, we are convinced that people deliver their best results when working in a company that suits them. Our employees all want to make a difference and to take responsibility for their work. We also firmly believe that as a company, we are stronger when people from diverse backgrounds actively contribute to the business. In addition to professional qualifications, we rely on good ideas, commitment and personal responsibility. We are always seeking bright minds, experts and lateral thinkers of every type, all of whom share an enthusiasm for making global air traffic even safer.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
Network
and System Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése