Cég neve
Tech People Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, XI. kerület
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Vállalkozói
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Felsőoktatási szakképzés

Teljes
munkaidő
Vállalkozói
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Felsőoktatási
szakképzés

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Manage, maintain, and optimize SAP server landscapes based on Linux (Red Hat / SUSE), ensuring high availability, performance, and system reliability across productive environments.
Monitor, analyze, and troubleshoot infrastructure-related issues, perform root cause analysis, and implement sustainable technical solutions in complex SAP environments.
Administer and optimize infrastructure components including networking (TCP/IP, DHCP, routing, DNS), LDAP integration, performance tuning, and system monitoring.
Support and operate SAP workloads across public cloud platforms such as Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, and Microsoft Azure, collaborating with customers in multi-hyperscaler environments.
Automate infrastructure provisioning and configuration management using tools such as Chef, Puppet, and Ansible to ensure standardized and scalable operations.
Requirements
Minimum 6+ years managing Linux Redhat/Suse servers.
Good understanding of Networking concepts like TCP/IP, DHCP, IP Routing and Name Resolution.
Good technical understanding of the infrastructure components.
Experience analysing, troubleshooting, and providing solutions for technical issues.
OS Concepts on Security, Backup and recovery strategies, performance tuning, LDAP, high availability and disaster recovery concepts, Monitoring etc.
Deep understanding and knowledge on public clouds like AWS or GCP or Azure.
Willingness to work with customers across hyperscalers.
Knowledge in configuration management systems such as Chef, Puppet, Ansible.
Experience in troubleshooting and performing root cause analysis.
Well organized, willingness to learn and own the topics and share the knowledge with the team.
Willingness to take on-call duties as required by business.
Good communication skills.
Confident English
Candidateneeds to be to be currently eligible to work in Hungary.
Nice-to-have
Good understanding of Networking concepts like TCP/IP, DHCP, IP Routing and Name Resolution.
What we offer
Competitive salary
Hybrid work
Company info
Tech People is a European provider of technical skills permanent recruitment and temporary contracting services for multiple industries.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
Network
and System Engineer
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése