Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
CLOUD
ABAP
@SAP.
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
CLOUD
ABAP
@SAP.
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What you'll build:
As Business Processes Consultant (f/m/d) your tasks are:
Support our customers on their transformation to SAP S/4HANA / Intelligent Enterprise
Delivery of remote and onsite services together with our experts for global customers with focus on system optimization, conceptual planning as well as empowering the customers with newest best practice knowledge
Analysis of highly complex business processes including root cause analysis and optimization in heterogenous system landscapes with focus on asset management processes
Continuous development of your functional and technical skills in S/4HANA, solutions in SAP Industry Cloud and BTP
Being a team player, building up strong networks within SAP and working collaboratively and passionately with others (this is one of the key cornerstones for our success)
Being a team lead for service delivery teams and escalation teams
Mentoring and training the Early Talents in our team
Where you belong:
Requirements
SAP Enterprise Asset Management expertise in following solution areas:
SAP Plant Maintenance, S/4HANA EAM Fiori Apps
Phase-based Maintenance
Resource Scheduling (RSH)
Work Clearance Management
SAP Customer Service and SAP S/4HANA Service
Good understanding/experience in the cloud solutions for EAM integrated with S/4HANA (IAM, APM, BNAC)
SAP Master Data
SAP Materials Management
SAP Production Planning
SAP Quality Management
Several years of experience in Support or Consulting in one of the expertise areas mentioned above
Practical experience in managing customers, SAP implementation projects, service deliveries and/or project management
Good communication skills with a convincing and friendly appearance
High-quality service mindset and the capability to perform well under pressure in a dynamic environment
Generic programming Skills in ABAP
Fluent English and German
What we offer
We help the world run better
At SAP, we enable you to bring out your best. Our company culture is focused on collaboration and a shared passion to help the world run better. How? We focus every day on building the foundation for tomorrow and creating a workplace that embraces differences, values flexibility, and is aligned to our purpose-driven and future-focused work. We offer a highly collaborative, caring team environment with a strong focus on learning and development, recognition for your individual contributions, and a variety of benefit options for you to choose from.
You are a part of a highly motivated and diverse team with colleagues from more than10 nations.
#CoEEMEADE
#CoEEMEA
#CoEMEAEA
#SAPCoECareers
#ICC25
SAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 415698 | Work Area: Center of Expertise EMEA | Expected Travel: up to 20%, currently <10% | Career Status: Professional | Employment Type: Regular Full Time or Part Time, unlimited | #LI-Hybrid
Company info
Customer Services and Delivery (CS&D) drives software adoption, ensuring customers implement and run what they buy whilst safeguarding maintenance and subscription. Using our unparalleled expertise, we guide our customers throughout the entire lifecycle to make the benefits of digital transformation a reality, end to end.
The strength of our Centers of Expertise (CoE), as part of CS&D, is to analyze customer solutions with 360° view with service delivery teams combining experts for all relevant software components including application, database and technology, as well as engaging a strong backoffice support.
As member of the CoE Supply Chaing Management Team in St. Leon Rot you will work with SAP's premium customers. Our team primarily focuses on and planning the digital transformation, assessing SAP solutions incl. functional and technical design, performance critical processes, assessment of implementation and upgrades, monitoring during testing and GoLive.
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése