Cég neve
Deutsche Börse Group
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
NETWORK
DYNAMICS
CHANGE MANAGEMENT
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
NETWORK
DYNAMICS
CHANGE
MANAGEMENT
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As the
Chief of Staff
, you act as a trusted partner to the
CFO of Deutsche Börse Group
, a global leader in capital markets. This role offers you a rare platform with strong visibility across the organization and the opportunity to drive tangible innovation at the highest level of a DAX‑listed company. Acting as a force multiplier for the CFO, you will re-imagine the Chief of Staff role in the context of the rapid advances in AI and set a new standard - managing a Chief of Staff set of Agents instead of a Chief of Staff team. The role offers a strong development perspective.
Strategic agenda management:
Ensure that the priorities of the Group and CFO area are properly reflected in time allocation
Group governance:
Handle the CFO's internal (and external) mandates; incl. agenda alignment, information sharing, screening of briefing materials and notes
CFO operating system:
Take care of leadership cycles, cost control, quality control, review of employee surveys and consolidation of audit findings
Coordination:
Distribute and track action items of the CFO and his direct reports
Events:
Preparation of internal (e.g. townhalls) and external (e.g. banks, investors, other stakeholders) events
CFO communication:
Prepare presentations, social media posts and interviews in close collaboration with Group Communications
Network management:
Structure, manage and prioritize the CFO's network, contacts and appointments
Transformation:
Coordinate AI efforts within the CFO area by tracking progress, sharing best practices, supporting prototyping and change management, incl. development of an AI Adoption Agent to track usage and benefits
Continuous improvement:
Provide informal feedback to the CFO and contribute to the joint evaluation of overall effectiveness
Requirements
Academic degree in Business Administration, Finance, Economics, or related field
Minimum 5-10 years of professional working experience in a finance, strategy or consulting environment
Proven track record in project management as well as digital and AI technologies (e.g., building and implementing AI agents)
Strong ability to multitask and prioritize in a fast-paced environment
Awareness of organizational dynamics and corporate political contexts
Self-confidence and the ability to work with and build trust across senior stakeholders
High personal standards of integrity and discretion
Excellent communication skills with the ability to convey complex topics clearly and concisely
High drive and flexibility, including on‑site presence and travel as needed
Strong financial acumen
Fluency in German and English is essential
What we offer
We are committed to providing a work environment where everyone feels welcome and can reach their full potential. Our standards go far beyond simply matching candidates with the right position.
Mobility
We enable you to move freely with our job tickets, job (e-)bikes and free parking opportunities.
Work environment
Collaboration, communication, or deep focus – in our modern office buildings you will find the perfect work environment. Free drinks and food and meal allowances included.
Health and wellbeing
We care for your health and wellbeing and besides various health promotion measures we offer you a group accident insurance and additional insurance offers at discounted rates.
Financial stability
We provide financial stability by offering attractive salaries, company pension schemes, participation in our Group Share Plan, as well as bonuses, subsidies and discounts.
Hybrid work
Collaborate and exchange on-site or work remotely several days a week in line with business needs and local regulations. Our hybrid working model combines the best of both worlds.
Flexible working hours
We want your job to fit your life situation and offer flexible working time models, childcare allowance, or the possibility to study alongside your job.
Internationality
Our market infrastructures are globally connected. Working with us means collaborating with like-minded colleagues across over 60 locations from more than 100 nations.
Development
We promote individual development by offering internal development programmes, mentoring, further education and training budgets.
Company info
Ready to make a real impact in the financial industry? At Deutsche Börse Group, we'll empower you to grow your career in a supportive and inclusive environment. With our unique business model, driven by 15,000 colleagues around the globe, we actively shape the future of financial markets. Join our One Global Team!
Deutsche Börse Group is one of the world's leading exchange organisations and an innovative market infrastructure provider. With our products and services, we ensure that capital markets are fair, transparent, reliable, and stable. Together, we develop state-of-the-art IT solutions and offer our IT systems all over the world. Play a key role in our mission: to create trust in the markets of today and tomorrow.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése