Cég neve
Diehl Defence GmbH & Co. KG
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
R
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
R
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
In this position, you will be responsible for conducting exploration of cutting-edge AI technologies (LLMs, RL, multi-agent AI, autonomy, generative AI, etc.), designing and building rapid prototypes, proof-of-concepts, and demonstrators, as well as evaluating technical feasibility, system impact, and performance in defence-related scenarios. This includes using simulations and synthetic data methods to accelerate R&D in data-constrained environments and supporting the transition of prototypes towards higher TRLs and eventual integration.
In addition, you will track global AI research trends and emerging technologies, perform TRL / MRL assessments, recommend investment priorities, and identify high-impact, dual-use AI innovations suitable for defence applications.
You will also be responsible for applying AI frameworks, implementing test and evaluation strategies and advising leadership on regulatory implications (e.g., EU AI Act, NIST AI RMF, NATO Frameworks).
You will be in charge of contributing to the AI strategy development and implementation, promoting AI skills to the teams and communicating technology opportunities and constraints across technical and leader­ship audiences. Moreover, you will mentor junior technologists as well as support internal capability building and help shape talent strategies.
You will lead cross-functional projects and work closely with IT, R&D, engineering, business units, and program teams. You will also support coordination and integration activities, together with platform architects, system engineers, and mission experts, as well as participate in customer-facing technical exchanges and demonstrations.
Requirements
You have a PhD or advanced degree in AI / ML, computer science, systems engineering, or a related field. Ideally, you have experience working with defence or high-assurance industries and have previously been involved in defence research programs or innovation labs.
Your 10 years of professional experience in AI / ML, applied research or emerging tech R&D, as well as strong hands-on experience in ML / DL (PyTorch / TensorFlow), rapid prototyping and experimental design, are the ideal prerequisites for this position. In addition, you have a proven track record in scouting, evaluating and maturing strategic and operational potential in new technologies.
Furthermore, you understand embedded AI / edge AI, model optimization, or autonomy, as well as knowledge of synthetic data generation, simulation environments, or digital twins and familiarity with MLOps tools and best practices.
You have excellent skills in communication, stakeholder management, mentoring and guiding multidisciplinary teams. You also have the ability to collaborate across domains and with external partners.
In addition, very good written and spoken German and English skills round off your profile.
What we offer
Tariff compensation
Flexible working hours
Canteen
Company health management
Employee discounts
Company info
Digital transformation. Sustainability. Peacekeeping. Exciting tasks that we at Diehl are working on intensively with our five corporate divisions Metal, Controls, Defence, Aviation and Metering and our more than 16,000 employees. Discover fascinating technologies and apply. In a family-run company characterised by trust and courage, which is consistent and stable – by tradition.
For our site Diehl Defence GmbH & Co. KG in Überlingen on Lake Constance, starting from May 1st 2026 or earlier, we are looking for a:
Senior Expert (m/f/d) Artificial Intelligence (AI)
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése