Cég neve
JAUSS HR-Consulting GmbH & Co. KG
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PLC
NETWORK
SECURITY
SCADA
ACCESS
TIA PORTAL
TROUBLESHOOTING
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
PLC
NETWORK
SECURITY
SCADA
ACCESS
TIA
PORTAL
TROUBLESHOOTING
Angol
felsőfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Responsible for designing and implementing of OT network architectures for globally located production sites based on Purdue model and ISA/IEC 62443
Configuration and integration of PLCs (Siemens / Rockwell) into industrial networks and SCADA systems for secure and reliable operation
Enhancing cyber security standard including e. g.
Securing automation components (e. g. PLCs, HMIs) by using secure configuration standards, installing access controls and deactivating unused services
Ensuring secure communication between OT assets by providing and supporting OT firewalls and Layer 2/3 switches
Field support to validate network connectivity, ensure secure wiring, perform system integration directly at the panel level, etc. and troubleshooting on-site
Interface to software engineering team, plant IT, group IT, etc.
Globally travel activity of around 30 % with daily / weekly on-site stays up to max. 3 weeks
Requirements
Degree in Computer Science, Automation Engineering, Electrical Engineering or comparable
Several years of experience in comparable tasks and comprehensive PLC knowledge (TIA Portal); Rockwell Studio 5000 is desireable
In-depth expertise in OT networks including familiarity with industrial protocols such as PROFINET, EtherNet/IP and OPC UA
Competence in OT cyber security and knowledge in VLANS, firewalls and the secure configuration of industrial devices
Fluent in English; German language skills are wellcome
You are committed, self-motivated, having analytical strength and a structured working style, solution orientated with handson- mentality in problem-solving and having team spirit
Willingness and short-term readiness to travel globally and to stay on-site for assignments of max. several weeks
What we offer
A comprehensive range of tasks and promotion of individual potential as part of further training programmes
Permanent employment contract in a market-leading and economically secure family business
A collegial, team-oriented, and constructive work culture at all levels
Remuneration in line with the market and performance
30 days of vacation, plus additional special leave for certain occasions
Job is located at the HQ; alternatively at a plant abroad
Options for remote work and flexible office hours
Employee offers relating to sport, health and culture
Company info
Our client is a leading global manufacturer of building materials with over 220 production sites and more than 42.500 employees, generating annual sales of over €10 billion. The company sets standards in the industry and cultivates a corporate culture characterised by respect, humanity and innovation.
The Engineering division at the headquarter in the
Wuerzburg area / Germany
manages the planning and construction of plants at global locations. We are creating a new position and seeking a communicative, technically adept, interculturally experienced and hands-on individual for the position
Engineer / PLC Programmer (m/f/d) - OT Network Architecture & Cyber Security
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
Network
and System Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése