Cég neve
Diligent Governance Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Lead end-to-end design from discovery to high-fidelity execution and developer handoff.
Evolve and maintain our design system in Figma, including components, patterns, and documentation.
Drive consistency and scalability across teams through reusable, accessible design standards.
Partner closely with Product and Engineering to align user needs, strategy, and technical implementation.
Champion design excellence, accessibility, and ethical AI practices across the product ecosystem.
Requirements
5+ years of product design experience, ideally in B2B or enterprise SaaS.
Proven experience building or significantly contributing to a design system at scale.
Strong UX, interaction, and visual design craft with a systems-oriented portfolio.
Advanced proficiency in Figma (libraries, variables, scalable components).
Fluent English communication skills.
Nice-to-have
A systems mindset — you design for scale, cohesion, and long-term evolution., Confidence in decision-making, with the ability to clearly articulate and defend design rationale., Strong user empathy and commitment to user-centered design principles., Collaborative energy and experience working cross-functionally in fast-paced environments., Curiosity about AI and emerging technologies shaping the future of UX., Experience with design tokens and design-to-code workflows., Exposure to governance models for scaling design systems., Familiarity with integrating generative AI into product experiences., Creativity is ingrained in our culture., We care about our people., We have teams all over the world., Diversity is important to us.
What we offer
Flexible work environment
Global days of service
Comprehensive health benefits
Meeting free days
Generous time off policy
Wellness programs
Hybrid work model with onsite work at least 50% of the time if within commuting distance to an office
Company info
Diligent is the AI leader in governance, risk and compliance (GRC) SaaS solutions, helping more than 1 million users and 700,000 board members to clarify risk and elevate governance. The Diligent One Platform gives practitioners, the C-Suite and the board a consolidated view of their entire GRC practice so they can more effectively manage risk, build greater resilience and make better decisions, faster.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Marketing,
Media, PR
Graphic
Designer, Photo Editor
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése