Cég neve
QIAGEN GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Overview
At QIAGEN, we are driven by a simple but powerful vision: making improvements in life possible.
We're dedicated to revolutionizing science and healthcare for the better. From our entrepreneurial roots to our current global presence, we've grown into a force for positive change. With thousands of employees across six continents, collaboration is our greatest strength. We're always striving to identify talented individuals to join our exceptional teams.
We have played a pivotal role in shaping modern science and healthcare, and we're just getting started. If you're someone who thrives on new challenges, values diversity and wants to make a tangible difference in people's lives, then QIAGEN is the place for you.
At QIAGEN, every day is an opportunity to make a real-life impact.
Join us, grow with us, and together, let's shape the future of biological discovery.
‎
About the opportunity
As (Associate) Director Process Consulting, you play a key role in QIAGEN's transformative S/4HANA journey (QIAbase). You lead a team of technical Process Owners and ensure that our SAP process landscape is future‑ready, efficient, and aligned with SAP best practices. You guide the transition from project mode into a sustainable Center of Excellence operating model, enhance collaboration with our outsourcing partners, and help shape QIAGEN's long‑term digital process strategy.
Your tasks include
Leading and developing the Technical Process Consulting team (approx. 8–10 people) across the streams: Source‑to‑Pay, Record‑to‑Report, Plan‑to‑Produce, Plan‑to‑Maintenance, and Order‑to‑Cash
Steering the transition from the QIAbase project into stable CoE processes and structures
Driving innovation and continuous improvement by leveraging new technologies and collaborating closely with SAP
Ensuring alignment between business requirements, SAP standards, and regulatory frameworks (e.g., GxP)
Developing and implementing process optimization strategies focused on quality, performance, and cost efficiency
Designing and overseeing SAP technical solutions to address complex business challenges
Establishing and maintaining a robust change‑control process after the S/4HANA go‑live
Managing internal stakeholders and translating their needs into reliable, future‑proof SAP solutions
Managing functional and technical collaboration as well as contracts with external implementation partners
Your profile
Solid experience with SAP S/4HANA and ECC, ideally including implementation and operational responsibility
Experience in highly outsourced IT environments with the ability to foster a collaborative “One Team” approach across internal and external partners
Proven success in process consulting and in optimizing SAP process landscapes, ideally within the life science sector
Strong understanding of SAP standard functionality and the ability to design innovative, compliant solutions
Several years of leadership experience with a collaborative, inspiring, and trust‑building leadership style
Strong project management capabilities to handle multiple complex initiatives in parallel
Excellent communication and stakeholder‑management skills combined with a strategic, solution‑oriented mindset
Very good written and spoken English; German skills are a strong advantage
High level of integrity, ownership, and a strong can‑do mindset
What we offer
Bonus/Commission
Local benefits
Referral Program
Volunteer Day
Internal Academy (QIALearn)
Employee Assistance Program
Hybrid work (conditional to your role)
Our people are the heartbeat of everything we do. Passion drives us as we push boundaries to innovate and evolve. We inspire with our leadership and make an impact with our actions. We cultivate a collaborative, supportive environment where each individual and team can flourish. We champion accountability and encourage entrepreneurial thinking.
QIAGEN is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, or disability.
Requirements
See job description
Company info
QIAGEN GmbH
JOB ID:
JR00000356
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Corporate
Leadership, Management
Head
of IT
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése