Cég neve
MEDIAN Unternehmensgruppe B.V. & Co. KG
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
IOS
ANDROID
TESTING
REACT
ACCESS
REST
DEVOPS
BACKEND
FRONTEND
Elvárások
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
IOS
ANDROID
TESTING
REACT
ACCESS
REST
DEVOPS
BACKEND
FRONTEND
Német
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Develop and maintain existing digital health solutions for our patients
Create solutions for new use cases based on our existing solutions, have an impact on design and UX
Cover the entire software life cycle - development, testing, maintenance
Create tests and documentation
Communicate with and provide support to the team (technical and non-technical members)
Requirements
We work with Firebase and Fastlane for mobile and run our server-side stack Dockerized in a Kubernetes environment.
For this role, we look for
Several years of experience creating mobile (Android and iOS) and web apps and integration/interaction of both, ideally with Flutter, or comparable such as React Native
Good to solid knowledge web technologies (REST APIs, GraphQL, WebSockets,...)
Knowledge of automation testing and, ideally, testing tools such as Brwoserstack
Solid knowledge of working in the Terminar, code versioning, GutHub
You will be working closely with other Frontend (mobile and web), Backend, QA and DevOps Engineers, as well as our Product, Design and Content team.
Fluency in the English language is required, fluency in German is not. A working knowledge (B2 or higher) in German is helpful since we work within the German healthcare system, but you´ll thrive without it.
What we offer
Opportunity to develop a digital health solution from scratch and bring another to the next level
200.000+ own patients per year waiting for our digital health solutions
Medical doctors, psychologists and therapists in 125+ MEDIAN clinics providing expert input
Flat hierarchies with direct access to MEDIAN's top management
A great team working with startup speed and mindset while benefiting from the established structures of one of Germany's largest clinic groups
Company info
MEDIAN is part of the MEDIAN Group, one of the leading European providers in the field of medical rehabilitation and mental health. With more than 120 facilities across Germany, MEDIAN offers a dynamic and innovative environment for employees in various treatment areas, with diverse entry and development opportunities. As a specialist in rehabilitation and participation, we support our patients on their journey to recovery and reintegration into society – in line with our guiding principle 'Live life to the fullest.'
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése