Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As the Solution Advisor (SA) (f/m/d) for SAP's Customer Experience (CX) portfolio, you will be the go-to expert for SAP CX solutions. You'll support the full sales cycle—from discovery and qualification through post-sale adoption—helping customers expand their SAP CX and realize measurable value.
Provide deep expertise across the CX solution portfolio, with integrations to S/4HANA, SAP BTP and SAP Analytics Cloud
Deliver standard and tailored, persona-based demos that clearly show value to CROs, CMOs, CCOs, Heads of Service, Digital Commerce leaders, Sales Ops, Contact Center managers, and merchandisers
Partner with Account Teams to identify/qualify opportunities and drive adoption and consumption of SAP CX
Evaluate opportunities with CX-specific criteria: omnichannel scope, consent/privacy (GDPR/CCPA), data unification, real-time personalization, lead-to-cash/service-to-resolution, commerce scale/extensibility, and change readiness
Act as a CX thought leader; refine account strategy and shape competitive differentiation and win themes
Run vigorous dry runs; localize industry/country scenarios to ensure compelling engagements
Define architecture and integration assumptions (e.g., S/4 pricing/inventory, BTP Integration Suite, APIs/events) and transition smoothly to Services/partners with clear scope and success criteria
Engage post-sale to track, expand use cases, and drive renewals
Leverage digital assets (demo tenants, accelerators, playbooks, POV/value tools) tailored to CX personas
Requirements
Experience in large software/IT organizations, with emphasis on CX
Several years of experience in Solution Advisory, within the CX portfolio preferred
Solid understanding of cloud (SaaS), integrations, and data privacy in customer engagement scenarios
Working knowledge of Cloud, Hosted Services, and Software as a Service/Platform as a Service models in the Business-to-Business Environment
Recognized CX subject-matter expertise with a track record of value-based presales/customer engagements
Ability to craft compelling, persona-based stories and quickly translate goals into pragmatic roadmaps
Passionate, energetic customer presence with excellent presentation and facilitation skills
Fluent German and English; other languages are an advantage
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
All SAP Locations in Germany like Berlin, Hamburg, Ratingen, Eschborn, Walldorf, Gerlingen, Garchingen etc. are possible.
We win with inclusionSAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 443384 | Work Area: Pre-Sales | Expected Travel: 0 - 50% | Career Status: Professional | Employment Type: Regular Full Time | #LI-Hybrid
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Sales,
Trade
IT
Sales Representative
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése