Cég neve
N26 GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SWIFT
BACKEND
AGILE
ACCESS
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SWIFT
BACKEND
AGILE
ACCESS
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
About the Opportunity
As a Product Manager focusing on scheme integrations and core payment platform components, you will be responsible for defining and executing the strategy that powers the movement of money for N26 customers across Europe. This role is highly strategic, requiring a deep technical understanding of international payment rails and a commitment to enabling a secure, scalable, and compliant core processing engine.
You will own the entire product lifecycle for critical payment systems (e.g., SEPA, SWIFT, APMs, etc.), working to drive stability, optimisation, and the integration of new schemes essential for N26's product roadmap and global expansion.
In this role you will:
Take ownership of the entire product lifecycle for scheme integrations and payment platform components (e.g. SEPA, SWIFT, and APMs)
Define and drive the product roadmap, from ideation and strategy to design, implementation, and continuous improvement
Drive the implementation of new payment rails and features based on business data, customer insights, and company strategy
Collaborate closely with Engineering and Design to build intuitive and compliant payment journeys
Lead scoping and prioritization to deliver high-impact features, ensuring alignment between short-term goals and long-term vision
Act as the main point of contact and work cross-functionally with Compliance, Treasury, Operations, and Finance to ensure regulatory alignment and business success across payment schemes
Monitor and optimize the product funnel, collaborating with data teams to inform decisions that improve performance, scalability, and user experience
Requirements
What you need to be successful:
5+ years of experience in Product Management, ideally gained in a FinTech, banking environment, PSP provider, or online retail
Hands-on experience with payment scheme integrations (e.g. SEPA, SWIFT, FPS, or local rails)
Proven track record of launching platform or backend-heavy products in a regulated environment
Excellent analytical skills, able to dive into specs, flows, and payment data
Solid understanding of product prioritization and stakeholder management
Strong collaboration and communication skills, across disciplines and cultures
Educational background in STEM, business, or economics; MBA, MS or equivalent is a plus
Strong grasp of agile product development and delivery
Traits:
Customer-first thinking, even in platform work
Strategic but hands-on, you can zoom out and execute
Comfortable in ambiguity and complex ecosystems
Curiosity for global payments and evolving market infrastructure
Give and receive open, direct and timely feedback.
What we offer
Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe's most talked about disruptors .
Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness & wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.
As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.
Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.
A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.
Equal Opportunities:
We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.
We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination.
Company info
We are seeking a seasoned and technically minded Senior Product Manager with an innate interest in global financial infrastructure to join our Product team.
N26 has reimagined banking for today's digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it's how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.
We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.
We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése