Cég neve
Adobe Systems Europe Limited
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ADOBE
C
CLOUD
HTML5
CSS
JAVASCRIPT
DNS
.HTML
@ADOBE.
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ADOBE
C
CLOUD
HTML5
CSS
JAVASCRIPT
DNS
.HTML
@ADOBE.
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Our mission
During the sales process, we take charge of selecting and communicating the most suitable solutions or use cases to our customers. We explain how these solutions can make valuable contributions to their business and ultimately lead to their success.
SC supports account/opportunity planning & strategy as a basis for painting the vision of the art of the possible which finally is proven throughout SC together with the account team aiming to achieve the Holistic Win.
What you will do
We are searching for a Content Experience Solution Consultant
Inspire customers to favour Adobe's Content Experience portfolio (Adobe, Experience Manager and Adobe's digital media technology) solutions by developing and delivering product presentations and demonstrations
You are exhibiting thought leadership and driving innovative approaches to successfully lead engagements with consistency with no guidance. You are driving complex discovery processes to uncover customer needs and difficulties across strategic customer organizations
Independently demonstrating personal skills and ecosystem skills to develop and implement innovative solutions at inspiring leader level that demonstrate how Adobe solutions can solve business objectives and challenges
You are establishing relationships internally at Adobe & with customer points-of-contact up to C-Suite
You will be developing and communicating SC recommendations during calls, presentations and readouts
Establish yourself as a technical partner and subject matter expert and actively giving expertise to customers
You can demonstrate how solutions solve for customers business challenges and drive and lead solution evaluation
You are able to position Adobe technology with IT stakeholder on an architectural and infrastructural level
If you want a clearer overview of your tasks, check out this video: Day in the life of an Adobe Solutions Consultant
Requirements
Strategic understanding of content as a service, content pipeline, content management and Omni-channel content delivery
Excellent Subject matter expertise along with validated track record in technical sales of Enterprise SaaS, Cloud, Managed Services, Headless and Hybrid Web Content Management, digital asset management solutions
Strong experience with selling or implementing an enterprise-class Web content management solution is required; a big plus if that solution is AEM
Knowledge of complementary and competitive products and solutions such as SiteCore, Magnolia, Contentful, ContentStack
Expertise knowledge of key Web technologies such as HTML5, CSS, Javascript is required. You should also be familiar with Web infrastructure technologies such as web servers, application servers, DNS
+5 years experience in digital business driven companies
Excellent English and German skills, both written and spoken
Good interpersonal and presentation skills
Ability to listen, analyze, and solve business problems
Enthusiasm for digital applications #wearecreative
Ability to work independently and take responsibility #wetakeresponsibility
Strong partnership skills and appreciation for collaboration
What we offer
#wearehuman
But don't worry, we'll provide an excellent ramp up!
When you join Adobe, you can look forward to collaborating with the most genuine people in the industry, working on projects with real purpose, and having immense pride in the products we create and the customers we support. You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely.
Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We hire versatile individuals, regardless of gender, race, ethnicity, ancestry, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, cultural background or religious beliefs. We know that when our employees feel appreciated and included, they can be more creative, innovative and successful. This is what it means to be Adobe For All. Learn more about our vision here.
References
Adobe is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law. Learn more.
Adobe aims to make Adobe.com accessible to any and all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, email
Company info
Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe's all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We're passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.
We're on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!
Imagine stepping into Adobe's office and being immediately drawn into a world of creativity and innovation: Here, you have the opportunity to develop both personally and professionally, discover your strengths, and work on your weaknesses – supported by a team that inspires and encourages you. At Adobe, your ideas are valued, and your challenges are taken seriously. You are encouraged to surpass yourself and explore new paths. You will not only get to know Adobe's philosophy but also learn how the largest companies in Germany use our technology to bring their creative visions to life. Your enthusiasm for problem-solving will be nurtured at Adobe: you will dive deep into our customers' needs, understand their challenges, and develop solutions that excite them. Here, you will work on groundbreaking projects and learn from the best minds in the industry.
Digital experiences matter. It is about the decision for a brand, a product, a service. It ist highly influencing the loyalty to a brand. But there is more: Creativity! We want to empower everyone to be creative. By optimizing this content experience, companies can enhance efficiency, boost engagement, and ensure a seamless flow of content from creation to customer delivery.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése