Cég neve
AP Sensing GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Böblingen bei Stuttgart
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ANGULAR
CLOUD
SECURITY
C
API
Biztosított eszközök
Laptop
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ANGULAR
CLOUD
SECURITY
C
API
Laptop
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
You
design and implement
a cloud-native, multi-tenant and secure asset monitoring platform for distributed fiber optic sensing solutions
You
build
robust, secure and observable platform components, data models, interfaces and APIs
You
evolve
the application platform architecture, to support building solutions for field applications like fire detection, critical infrastructure monitoring or power grid solutions
You
proactively engage
with application teams to understand their domain and their needs
You
provide technical leadership
by applying your expertise, designing concepts, proposing effective solutions and guiding the decision-making process
Requirements
You have a degree in computer science, software engineering or similar
You have worked as a .Net developer for at least 8 years, 5 of which you designed, built and operated production-grade distributed systems, ideally within IIoT or sensor-based monitoring environments.
You have excellent programming skills in C# and modern .NET and you write high-quality maintainable code. Knowing further languages is a plus.
You have strong hands-on experience with K8s and messaging systems (e.g., NATS, MQTT, Kafka). Knowledge of event driven architectures and distributed stream processing is a plus.
You have good knowledge of web- and mobile technologies, protocols, and frameworks (Angular is a plus) and persistence
You know common design- and architecture patterns and best practices in API design
You have a strong hands-on mentality and you have the drive to create
You speak German and English at C1 level
What we offer
half-yearly bonus distribution (depending on company performance)
annual salary increases
holiday bonus
christmas bonus
AP Sensing Card with 50 Euro credit per month
permanent employment contract with job security
company pension scheme
participation in the Corporate Benefits Program
meal subsidy for in-house canteen
free drinks and fresh fruit
job-bike offer
career opportunities due to steady, healthy company growth
flat hierarchies and very collegial relationship with managers
very positive and appreciative working atmosphere
international and intercultural team
flexible working hours and home office options
company laptop for everyone
ideal work-life balance
regular company and team events
employee training and education
new and fully equipped kitchen with high-tech coffee machine
kiosk in the building
large, bright and air-conditioned offices
modern office equipment with creative spaces
height-adjustable desks for ergonomic working
2 minutes to the S-Bahn and motorway
free parking spaces
sports facilities: weekly jogging group and fitness coach
showers available (for cyclists or "lunch break joggers")
Company info
WE ARE AGAIN AWARDED AS
TOP ARBEITGEBER 2025!
At AP Sensing, we're building on a success story that began in the garage of Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard. As an independent HP spin-off, we combine over 40 years of technological expertise with a passion for innovation.
Together we'll continue to enhance infrastructure, protect people, and safeguard our planet. With a commitment to fiber optic sensing, we value every voice and empower growth. Join us in
thinking ahead
to create a smarter, safer world.
YOUR NEW CAREER
As part of AP Sensing, you will immerse yourself in a fascinating world: Together we take measurement technology to the limits of physics. We use fiber optic cables as sensors and build measuring devices and software that measure temperatures and acoustic signals along the fiber with meter precision.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése