Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Taking responsibility for the analysis and coordination of the elaboration of global E2E business processes and requirements in alignment with business representatives of the ZEISS MED segment and IT experts
Improve, build and test existing SAP template and add new functionalities of required E2E business processes adaptions to global template processes
Support change control and demand management of ZEISS entities being live in SAP S/4HANA
Contribute functional / process expertise based on the as-is processes in the design of to-be processes and identify and highlight potential handover points and interfaces to other E2E processes
Preparation of to-be process design decisions within E2E workstreams and ZEISS MED process owners
Act as coordinator in ZEISS MED segment to support efficient design work and drive transformation
Participate in typical agile “ceremonies” such as Sprint Planning, Backlog grooming, Daily Stand-ups and Sprint Retro
Support training concept and training documents creation
Requirements
Bachelor's degree in Business Informatics, Business Administration, Industrial Engineering, or related field
4-6 years of relevant professional experience with reference in Production and Logistics Management in the manufacturing industry with Devices and/or Implants&Disposables
In-depth understanding of E2E business processes like Production and supply planning, Production execution, Plant maintenance, Integration with production-related processes & systems, e.g., manufacturing execution system (MES)
Proven experience with business requirements management and design of business processes
Experience with SAP R/3 (and ideally SAP S/4HANA) as well as relevant third-party business systems
Relevant industry knowledge
Excellent conceptual, results-oriented and communication skills
Ability to build networks and keenness to work in intercultural and interdisciplinary global team
Business fluent in English and German (must have)
Willingness to travel
Company info
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Manufacturing,
Production
Process
Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése