Cég neve
Alcoa Shared Services Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Országos lefedettség
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Cafeteria
Egészségbiztosítás
Élet- és balesetbiztosítás
Nyugdíjpénztár
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Általános munkarend
Biztosított eszközök
Laptop
Monitor (1 db)
Headset
Elvárások
Angol középfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Cafeteria
Egészségbiztosítás
Élet-
és balesetbiztosítás
Nyugdíjpénztár
Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Általános
munkarend
Laptop
Monitor
(1 db)
Headset
Angol
középfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Are you a
Salesforce expert
passionate about optimization, user empowerment, and delivering real business impact? Join us as our
Salesforce Digital Consultant
, where you will lead the evolution of our global Salesforce CRM and shape how our teams across the world engage with customers, data, and digital tools.
This is your opportunity to help share the future of sustainability with world-changing innovations and low-carbon technologies. Become a valued part of the team that’s shaping the future of aluminum, revolutionizing the way the world lives, builds, moves and flies. Be part of it and shape your world.
About the role:
In this highly influential role, you will configure, enhance, and support our Salesforce environment—ensuring it aligns seamlessly with strategic goals and delivers measurable ROI across Marketing, Sales, and Commercial Supply Chain functions.
What you’ll do:
Salesforce Configuration & Functional Support:
Lead configuration, customization, and functional support for our global Salesforce platform.
Troubleshoot issues and coordinate system upgrades and integrations (Oracle, Workday Adaptive, etc.).
Ensure seamless user experience while collaborating with IT to strengthen data architecture.
Optimization & ROI:
Drive continuous improvements to maximize the value and impact of Salesforce.
Implement automation, integration and enhanced functionalities.
Keep up to date with new Salesforce features and translate them into practical solutions.
Process Improvement:
Collect, record, prioritize, and execute both functional and technical business requirements.
Streamline CRM-related processes for efficiency and better user experience.
Apply agile methodologies (Kanban, Scrum) to deliver high-quality outcomes on time.
User Training & Support:
Develop and deliver training documentation for global users.
Act as a key point of contact for CRM-related queries and feedback.
Support user adoption and continuous improvement based on practical insights.
Reporting & Insights:
Build dashboards and reports to track performance, engagement, and CRM effectiveness.
Requirements
What you bring to the role:
Bachelor’s degree in engineering, Business Management, or a related technical field.
5+ years of Salesforce support or development experience, including leadership in CRM implementations.
Strong technical knowledge of Salesforce modules and capabilities.
Business process understanding across Marketing, Sales, and Customer Service.
Experience in project management, UAT, and agile methodologies.
Analytical mindset with the ability to turn data into actionable insights.
Excellent communication skills and confidence in engaging with senior leadership.
A proactive, customer‑centric, and solution‑driven approach.
Ability to work with global teams across multiple time zones.
Fluency in English (
required
), French, Spanish, Portuguese, Norwegian, or Icelandic a plus.
Willingness to travel domestically and internationally.
Oracle Order-to-Cash and SAP Ariba knowledge is an advantage.
What we offer
You’ll be at the forefront of shaping our digital ecosystem, empowering global teams, and making Salesforce a powerful enabler of growth and customer excellence. If you enjoy autonomy, innovation, and working with diverse stakeholders, this is the perfect role to elevate your career.
Alcoa encourages applications from women, people of diverse backgrounds and those with different skills and life experiences. Alcoa is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer.
Company info
Alcoa is an international company with multiple locations and joint ventures across six continents. Wherever you choose to join us, you'll be joining a global team committed to advancing sustainability and delivering excellence and innovation. As industry pioneers, we are redefining what it means to be a sustainable aluminum company, bridging the journey from mines to metal.
We are values led, vision driven and united by our purpose of transforming raw potential into real progress. Our commitments to Inclusion, Diversity & Equity include providing trusting workplaces that are safe, respectful and inclusive of all individuals, free from discrimination, bullying and harassment and that our workplaces reflect the diversity of the communities in which we operate.
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Regionális
Álláshirdetés jelentése