Cég neve
Huawei Technologies Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Komárom
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Cafeteria
Munkába járás támogatás
Egészségbiztosítás
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Cafeteria
Munkába
járás támogatás
Egészségbiztosítás
Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Általános
munkarend
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Development and implement the Digital and Automation manufacture solution;
Experience on NPI and mass production for Network, Wireless or IT Server product;
Design for Process control and quality, efficiency, cost and process improvement
EMS manufacturing partner factory on-site technical support;
EMS engineering performance management and improvement organization;
Organize manufacturing related lean project, cost reduce, quality improvement.
Requirements
Bachelor degree in Electronic Engineering, Telecommunications, Programming or similar.
Good written and verbal communications in English;
More than 1 years working experience in electronics manufacture
Basic knowledge of telecommunication and network product.
Have an electronics and electronics manufacture knowledge
Specific product testing or maintenance of relevant work
Knowledge of Lean Manufacturing principles and Six Sigma Project Management
General Telecommunication equipment knowledge
Assembly, Testing and process control
What we offer
Work location : Komarom or Paty
Competitive compensation package (salary, bonus, cafeteria, health insurance, monthly public transportation pass etc.)
Company laptop and SIM card
Professional career in one of the leading multinational company
Career growth opportunities
E-learning platforms
Multicultural work environment
Frequent teambuilding activities
Company info
Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. is a leader in providing next-generation telecommunications networks, serving 45 of the world's top 50 carriers, as well as over one-third of the world’s population. We are committed to providing innovative and customized products, services, and solutions to create long-term value and potential growth for our customers. Our products and solutions include wireless network products, core network products, network products, applications, and software, as well as terminals.
At the end of 2021, we had over 195,000 employees. In 2021, Huawei invested even more in research and innovation, as part of our greater efforts to sustain development in the future. Our global R&D spending reaches 22.4% of the annual revenue. In 2021, we ranked 44th in the Fortune Global 500, up five places compared to the previous year.
We have been operating in Hungary since 2005, and we have manufacturing centers in Pest and Komárom county. We sincerely invite professionals to join us and develop together with Huawei. For further information, please visit us now at
http://www.huawei.com
How to apply
Please send your detailed Resume/CV in English via the "Jelentkezem" button (Word or Adobe PDF). Please be assured your CV containing personal information will be kept confidential and be used only for job match in Huawei.
We would like to inform You that the Data Controller regarding your application is Huawei Technologies Hungary Kft. (company registration number: 01-09-861837, Registered seat: 1133 Budapest, Váci út 116-118. 1. building. 6. Floor, Hungary). We process your personal data for the purpose of considering you for, and assessing your suitability for, career opportunities with Huawei, and progressing your application furthermore to maintain and improve our recruiting processes, and to comply with laws and regulations Huawei is subject to. You, as data subject has the following rights: You can have access to your processed personal data; if it is inaccurate, You can ask for the rectification of Your data; You also have the right to erasure (delete) your personal data; You can ask for the restriction of processing; You can file a portability request about the personal data You provided to us; You can object against the processing if it is based on legitimate interest; and You can withdraw your consent about the processing; You can also ask for human review in case of automated decision-making. You can find our detailed information notice regarding job applications if You visit Huawei’s webpage and at the bottom, select the “career” option, then, in the dedicated career webpage look for the upper right corner, and – in the worldwide dropdown menu- select Huawei Europe. You will land on the dedicated recruitment site, and You can find our detailed privacy notice in it’s footer, called simply “privacy”.
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Tester,
Test Engineer
Komárom-Esztergom
county
Komárom
Álláshirdetés jelentése