Cég neve
Alcoa Shared Services Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Országos lefedettség
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Cafeteria
Egészségbiztosítás
Élet- és balesetbiztosítás
Nyugdíjpénztár
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY
TESTING
ACCESS
CLOUD
MICROSOFT OFFICE
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Biztosított eszközök
Laptop
Monitor (1 db)
Desktop PC
Headset
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
3-5 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Cafeteria
Egészségbiztosítás
Élet-
és balesetbiztosítás
Nyugdíjpénztár
Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY
TESTING
ACCESS
CLOUD
MICROSOFT
OFFICE
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
Laptop
Monitor
(1 db)
Desktop
PC
Headset
Angol
felsőfok
3-5
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Shape Your World
At Alcoa, you will become an essential part of our purpose: to turn raw potential into real progress. The way we see it, every Alcoan is a work-shaper, team-shaper, idea-shaper & world-shaper.
At Alcoa, you're an essential part of our purpose: to turn raw potential into real progress. This is an opportunity for you to bring your wealth of experience to the team and help shape the future of sustainability with world-changing innovations and low-carbon technologies. You have the power to shape things to make them better.
About the role:
The
HR Global Technologies Solutions Architect
is an integral part of a global collaborative and consultative team to drive value of HR technologies within Alcoa. This role has principal ownership over strategy, design, configuration, user experience, and highest-level support for several main modules within our enterprise implementation of Workday. These modules include Core Human Capital Management (HCM), Compensation, Absence, Security, Integrations, and Payroll. Additionally, providing strategic leadership in advancing and integrating AI capabilities within the HR function to enhance efficiency, insights, and overall employee experience. Through high collaboration within the HR organization, this role finds opportunity, aligns technology capabilities with needs, then drives business impact to the constantly evolving HR business.
Responsibilities:
Lead design sessions with business leaders, provide thought leadership, and support the implementation of HR Technology solutions
Continually refine and optimize process and functionality of sophisticated solutions to increase user experience and value of technology investments
Work as a team with business process or function owners to develop case for technologies with value metrics and estimates for total cost of ownership
Lead significant phases of major initiatives such as implementation of new modules or significant functionality deployment through project management, defining requirements, documentation, configuration, testing, and release management
Conduct solution assessment, execution, and validation for sophisticated multi-functional projects and processes
Crafting enterprise processes accounting for individual local needs and requirements while at the same time adhering to local laws for employee personal data privacy
Elicit business needs and value using interviews, document analysis, requirements sessions, surveys, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis, workflow analysis and other relevant techniques
Providing technical reviews and suggestions on current and future technology implementations
Establishes end-to-end documentation mapping of business processes, functional flows, data flows, and system security roles
Responsible for securing HR data ensuring each role and assignment has access to only the vital employee information to perform their responsibilities.
Requirements
Demonstrated ability supporting a Workday implementation and/or supporting a live Workday system instance
Experience crafting and configuring within the cloud-based HR technology landscape
Basic grasp of relational data and role-based security models
Proficient in both oral and written English
High level of Microsoft Office 365 proficiency
What we offer
At Alcoa, our care for people philosophy is backed by our excellent total rewards package that we provide for our employees effective on your date of hire, such as:
Competitive compensation packages, including pay-for-performance variable pay, recognition and rewards programs.
Healthcare benefits.
Work-life balance programs: flexible work scheduling, hybrid/remote working
Opportunity to work on interesting global projects.
Company info
Alcoa is an international company with multiple locations and joint ventures across six continents. Wherever you choose to join us, you'll be joining a global team committed to advancing sustainability and delivering excellence and innovation. As industry pioneers, we are redefining what it means to be a sustainable aluminum company, bridging the journey from mines to metal.
We are values led, vision driven and united by our purpose of transforming raw potential into real progress. Our commitments to Inclusion, Diversity & Equity include providing trusting workplaces that are safe, respectful and inclusive of all individuals, free from discrimination, bullying and harassment and that our workplaces reflect the diversity of the communities in which we operate.
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Regionális
Álláshirdetés jelentése