Cég neve
HDI Global
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ACCESS
CLOUD
ISO
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ACCESS
CLOUD
ISO
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Active participation in the global IT governance team for the further develop­ment and opera­tionali­zation of modern IAM strate­gies
Management and coordi­nation of IAM initiatives through­out the entire life­cycle (provi­sioning, aggre­gation, recerti­fication, depro­visioning)
Responsibility for ensu­ring compliance with and implementation of regu­latory requirements (e.g., DORA, NIS2) as well as inter­nal group policies
Close cooperation with enter­prise and IT architects for the advance­ment of modern, scalable IAM architec­tures (e.g., Zero Trust, cloud-native IAM)
Champion for IAM gover­nance standards, concepts, and best prac­tices within HDI Global
Consulting and suppor­ting the 1st line
Analysis and eva­luation of existing IAM concepts in compa­rison with market standards and inno­vative approaches
Requirements
University degree in computer science, business infor­matics, or a com­parable qualifi­cation
Several years of experience in the field of identity and access management, ideally in regu­lated industries (e.g., insurance, banking, critical infra­structures)
Deep under­standing of IAM gover­nance, role and per­mission models (RBAC, ABAC, PBAC), authen­tication and authori­zation mecha­nisms
Knowledge of current regulatory require­ments (e.g., DORA, NIS2, ISO 27001, VAIT) and their impact on IAM processes
Experience with modern IAM techno­logies and architectures (e.g., cloud IAM, identity federa­tion, just-in-time provi­sioning, PAM)
Strong communication and moderation skills
Very good command of spoken and written German and English (C1)
We know that nobody is perfect and not all career paths are straightforward. Apply now – even if you don't meet all requirements!
What we offer
Flexible working hours
Flextime arrangements and flexible working time models allow for a perfect work-life balance – however it suits you.
Health management
Stay healthy with us – thanks to preventive measures, a wide variety of sports and various partnerships.
Mobile working
Whether from home or on the road – our remote working model (up to 60% mobile) offers you more freedom and independence.
Further training
We satisfy your thirst for knowledge – for example with further training, subject-specific seminars or work and study programmes.
Company info
Take off with HDI Global!
As one of the world's leading industrial insurers for more than 120 years, we have mastered challenges through our expertise, our pioneering spirit, and a sense of community, qualities that position us well for the future. We offer you the opportunity to break new ground and develop together.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Security
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése