Cég neve
Randstad Deutschland GmbH & Co. KG
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
NETWORK
MS OFFICE
TESTING
GIT
PYTHON
JIRA
CONFLUENCE
Elvárások
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
NETWORK
MS
OFFICE
TESTING
GIT
PYTHON
JIRA
CONFLUENCE
Német
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Analysis of avionics system design/requirements requirements Develop executable test plans which address technical specification verification requirements Definition and adaptation of design requirements to mission data generation, incl. workflow definition Support tests evaluation of system performance in the lab. Operate the system and test equipment to evaluate functional and performance against requirements. The systems under test will be Electronic Warfare systems (Emitter Location Systems, Anti-radiation missile, Radar Warners) Test Environment System and Radio Frequency Emitters Simulators. Personal requirements: Strong team player, independent working method and high quality awareness Disabled applicants with equal qualifications will be given special consideration.
Requirements
Studium Elektrotechnik oder Informatik oder Luft- und Raumfahrt oder Telecommunication Berufserfahrung Elektrotechnik/Elektronik Engineering IT / Informationssysteme Luft- und Raumfahrt mind. Master / Diplom-Studiengang mind. Master / Diplom-Studiengang mind. Master / Diplom-StudiengangStudium Elektrotechnik oder Informatik oder Luft- und Raumfahrt oder Telecommunication Berufserfahrung Elektrotechnik/Elektronik Engineering IT / Informationssysteme Luft- und Raumfahrt mind. Master / Diplom-Studiengang mind. Master / Diplom-Studiengang mind. Master / Diplom-Studiengang
mind. über 4 Jahre Knowledge of systems/software engineering life cycle and experience in all phases of it is required Experience in the areas of self-defensive systems, radar system and electronic support system is neededmind. über 4 Jahre Knowledge of systems/software engineering life cycle and experience in all phases of it is required Experience in the areas of self-defensive systems, radar system and electronic support system is needed
Knowledge of Electronic Warfare principles/ Electronic Warfare Support is requiredKnowledge of Electronic Warfare principles/ Electronic Warfare Support is required
Experience with using different test equipment is an advantage (i.e. oscilloscope, spectrum analyzer, network analyzer, RF signal generator) is required Experience with using different test equipment is an advantage (i.e. oscilloscope, spectrum analyzer, network analyzer, RF signal generator) is required
IT MS-Office doors Experience in Jira and Confluence is needed IT MS-Office doors Experience in Jira and Confluence is needed
Spezialkenntnisse Experience in Atlassian software development is requiredSpezialkenntnisse Experience in Atlassian software development is required
Experience with Automated testing tools, version control (Git) is an advantageExperience with Automated testing tools, version control (Git) is an advantage
Knowledge of any scripting language, such as Python is an advantageKnowledge of any scripting language, such as Python is an advantage
Englisch and Germane fluent
What we offer
-
Company info
The department develops and maintains Ground Support Systems for the A400M, Eurofighter and Tornado platforms. The products enable preparation and evaluation of mission data libraries, especially in the context of electronic warfare, defensive aids and sensor fusion. The jobholder works as a Systems Engineer (f/m/d) for Electronic Warfare Ground Support System or Electronic Warfare Mission Data Generation and the main tasks are:The department develops and maintains Ground Support Systems for the A400M, Eurofighter and Tornado platforms. The products enable preparation and evaluation of mission data libraries, especially in the context of electronic warfare, defensive aids and sensor fusion. The jobholder works as a Systems Engineer (f/m/d) for Electronic Warfare Ground Support System or Electronic Warfare Mission Data Generation and the main tasks are:
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
Network
and System Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése