Cég neve
Fsas Technologies GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Német
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Apply now as
Senior Presales Storage Consultant for HPC (High Performance Computing) & AI platforms (f/m/d)
in Germany
Legal Entity: Fsas Technologies GmbH
Specifically, the storage consultant will contribute to HPC and AI platform business growth by providing technology support to sales teams located mainly in Germany and other European countries and will be responsible for the storage component of the technical HPC and AI proposals. The consultant will collaborate with other presales and commercial areas within Fsas, as well as external Fsas platform partners and alliances, and will play a key role in identifying requirements, designing the most suitable solution, and supporting the entire sales process, including ensuring the proper positioning of the selected storage solution against competitors. High proficiency in German and English is required.
Key Responsibilities
Partner with sales teams to identify customer needs and propose tailored HPC and AI storage solutions.
Establish a trusted technical relationship with the customers and partners to position Fsas capabilities and ensure that its added value is properly communicated.
Maintain a thorough understanding of our proposals and our competitor's strengths and weaknesses.
Lead the storage design of HPC and AI Infrastructures in a project, including:
Building the technical solution based on the project requirements.
Supporting the technical aspects of the projects and providing the required technical documentation (e.g. complete architecture diagrams, BOMs, and cost estimates for HPC/AI networking deployments, etc..)
Partner with the main technical stakeholders such as other specialized presales teams and third-party providers, partners and alliances (e.g. Supermicro, Netapp, Weka, VAST, DDN, Nvidia/Mellanox, other storage and software providers…) to define the adequate architectures in each case.
Partner with the services teams to ensure that the right deployment and delivery needs are included in the proposals.
Organize technical workshops and demos showcasing performance and scalability benefits.
Manage PoCs and benchmarking for AI training and HPC networking simulations.
Requirements
Desired key core technical Competencies
HPC Storage design:
Capability to design high-performance storage architectures in collaboration with a HPC consultant leader and other experts in the different areas using:
Parallel file systems (e.g. Lustre, BeeGFS, IBM Spectrum Scale/GPFS).
AI Storage platforms (e.g. WekaIO, BeeGFS)
Object storage (e.g. Ceph, DAOS)
NVMe-based (e.g. NVMe-oF) solutions
DDN Exascaler
Netapp E-Series
HPC Storage Architectures:
Capability to select and recommend the best storage architecture depending on the project requirements, considering the type of storage, its scalability, tolerance to failure and data management (data lifecycle management, backup and archiving).
Storage Performance optimization:
Familiarity with storage benchmarking for HPC and AI including IOR and MLPerf,and with storage optimization techniques.
Storage Ecosystem Management:
Ability to interact effectively with leading storage vendors including IBM, Netapp, WekaIO, DDN and VAST Data among others.
HPC Software:
Understand the overall HPC and AI environment, and the possible impact of MPI, job schedulers (e.g. Slurm), containerization, AI frameworks (TensorFlow, PyTorch) and other systems management tools (such as Open Nebula or similar ones) when designing the storage infrastructure.
Presales Engagement:
Create and maintain a trusted technical relationship with customers and business partners to collaborate and lead the storage solution design. Conduct proof-of-concept (PoC) and demonstrations to validate solutions.
Communications:
Provide technical presentations communicated in a proper way considering the audience.
Cloud & Hybrid HPC:
Familiarity with the Integration of on-prem HPC storage with cloud-based HPC/AI systems.
Required Soft Skills
Strong communication and presentation abilities.
Ability to translate complex technical concepts into business value.
Ability to handle multiple client engagements simultaneously and prioritize tasks effectively.
Customer-centric mindset and cultural awareness.
Teamwork capabilities with the different project stakeholders.
Problem-solving mindset and attention to detail.
What we offer
We offer an appreciative and flexible work environment that promotes work-life balance and actively supports individual career development. Diversity, equal opportunities, and inclusion are central values of our corporate culture.
Flexible working hours and mobile working allow you to optimally balance family, leisure, and work. We emphasize personal responsibility and trust - without fixed office days.
Enjoy 30 days of vacation plus special leave for special occasions and use our time value account for your personal projects and longer breaks.
We invest in your personal and professional development with individualized talent programs, coaching, mentoring, and extensive learning platforms. Together, we will find the career path that perfectly suits you.
With our excellent health and well-being offerings, we support you in staying fit, healthy, and balanced.
We reward your contribution with a performance-based and attractive salary.
Benefit from exclusive perks and employee discounts.
Plan your future or your next world trip – with our attractive pension plans.
And much more: Discover additional attractive benefits at Fujitsu!
Company info
Transform your world with us!
Fsas Technologies Europe is a leading provider of advanced data center solutions, empowering its customers and partners in Europe to leverage the performance of their infrastructure for sustainable digital transformation, thanks to its first-class employees and future-proof technologies. As a Fujitsu company, Fsas Technologies applies its expertise to realize the Fujitsu Group's goal of building trust in society through innovation and making the world more sustainable.
We are significantly enhancing our focus on cutting-edge technologies with the formation of the Quantum & High-Performance Computing Strategic Business Unit, Europe. The SBU's core focus will be to drive revenue growth and scale Fsas Technologies' quantum and HPC business in Germany and across Europe. This central team will lead the effort in defining and executing our forward-thinking Quantum and High-Performance Computing business strategy.
We are seeking a
Senior
Presales
Storage Consultant specialized in storage for HPC and AI platforms
to join the Quantum & High-Performance Computing Strategic Business Unit. This role combines strong technical expertise with commercial, communications and team working skills to design tailored technology solutions that meet our customer's needs in a set of different European countries.
Together, we have the future in mind – and for that, we need people with foresight.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Business
Supporting Centres
IT
Support
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése