Cég neve
Fsas Technologies GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
NETWORK
CLOUD
Elvárások
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
NETWORK
CLOUD
Német
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Apply now as
Senior Presales Consultant for HPC (High Performance Computing) & AI platforms (f/m/d)
in Germany
Legal Entity: Fsas Technologies GmbH
Specifically, the presales consultant will contribute to HPC and AI platform business growth by leading project technical support for sales teams located mainly in Germany and other European Countriesand will be responsible for the final technical proposals collaborating with other presales and commercial areas inside Fsas and other external Fsas platform partners and alliances. The consultant will play a key role in identifying requirements, designing the most suitable solution, and supporting the complete sales process, including the proper positioning of the selected solution against competitors.
High proficiency in German and English is required.
Key Responsibilities
Partner with sales teams to identify customer needs and propose complete tailored HPC and AI solutions.
Establish a trusted technical relationship with the customers and partners to position Fsas capabilities and ensure that its added value is properly communicated.
Maintain a thorough understanding of our proposals and our competitor's strengths and weaknesses.
Lead end-to-end design of HPC and AI Infrastructures in a project, including:
Building the technical solution based on the project requirements.
Supporting the technical aspects of the projects and providing the required technical documentation(e.g. complete architecture diagrams, BOMs, and cost estimates for HPC/AI deployments, etc..)
Partner with the main technical stakeholders such as other specialized presales teams (networking, storage) and third party providers, partners and alliances (e.g. Supermicro, Nvidia, AMD, Intel, other storage and software providers…) to define the adequate architectures in each case.
Partner with the services teams to ensure that the right deployment and delivery needs are included in the proposals.
Organize technical workshops and demos showcasing performance and scalability benefits.
Manage PoCs and benchmarking for AI training and HPC simulations.
Requirements
Desired key core technical Competencies
HPC Architecture:
Capability to design complex end-to-end HPC and AI architectures, including servers, storage, networking and management software, in collaboration with and leading a team of experts in the different areas.
Servers:
Deep knowledge of CPU/GPU-based clusters, high-density servers, and advanced interconnects (InfiniBand, Ethernet) design, including different cooling technologies and how to integrate them.
AI Platforms:
Deep knowledge of AI accelerators (NVIDIA GPUs, AMD Instinct…), including different cooling technologies and how to integrate them. Familiarity with frameworks (TensorFlow, PyTorch, CUDA, ROCM), as well as optimized HPC-AI workflows.
HPC Software:
Familiarity with MPI, job schedulers (e.g. Slurm), containerization, AI frameworks (TensorFlow, PyTorch) and other systems management tools (such as Open Nebula or similar ones).
Networking:
Deep Knowledge of optimized network topologies for HPC clusters including InfiniBand, high-speed Ethernet, RDMA.
Storage:
Familiarity with Parallel file systems (Lustre, GPFS), NVMe, tiered storage, and data lifecycle management. Familiarity with storage vendors such as Weka, Vast and DDN.
Presales Engagement:
Create and maintain a trusted technical relationship with customers and business partners to collaborate and lead the solution design. Lead RFP technical responses including cost modelling. Conduct proof-of-concept (PoC) and demonstrations to validate solutions.
Performance Benchmarking:
Familiarity with tuning HPC and AI workloads for maximum efficiency and scalability. Familiarity with the main benchmarks such as HPL, HPCG, IOR and MLPerf.
Global Ecosystem Management:
Ability to interact effectively with leading vendors (HPE, Dell, Lenovo, Supermicro, NVIDIA, AMD) and hyperscaler integration for hybrid HPC/AI deployments.
Communications:
Provide technical presentations communicated in a proper way considering the audience.
Cloud & Hybrid HPC:
Familiarity with the Integration of on-prem HPC clusters with cloud AI services for burst capacity and model training.
Required Soft Skills
Strong communication and presentation abilities.
Ability to translate complex technical concepts into business value.
Ability to handle multiple client engagements simultaneously and prioritize tasks effectively.
Customer-centric mindset and cultural awareness.
Teamwork capabilities with the different project stakeholders.
Problem-solving mindset and attention to detail.
What we offer
This is what we offer you:
Flexible working hours and mobile working allow you to optimally balance family, leisure, and work. We emphasize personal responsibility and trust - without fixed office days.
Enjoy 30 days of vacation plus special leave for special occasions and use our time value account for your personal projects and longer breaks.
We invest in your personal and professional development with individualized talent programs, coaching, mentoring, and extensive learning platforms. Together, we will find the career path that perfectly suits you.
With our excellent health and well-being offerings, we support you in staying fit, healthy, and balanced.
We reward your contribution with a performance-based and attractive salary.
Benefit from exclusive perks and employee discounts.
Plan your future or your next world trip – with our attractive pension plans.
And much more: Discover additional attractive benefits at Fujitsu!
Company info
Transform your world with us!
Fsas Technologies Europe is a leading provider of advanced data center solutions, empowering its customers and partners in Europe to leverage the performance of their infrastructure for sustainable digital transformation, thanks to its first-class employees and future-proof technologies. As a Fujitsu company, Fsas Technologies applies its expertise to realize the Fujitsu Group's goal of building trust in society through innovation and making the world more sustainable.
We offer an appreciative and flexible work environment that promotes work-life balance and actively supports individual career development. Diversity, equal opportunities, and inclusion are central values of our corporate culture. Together, we have the future in mind – and for that, we need people with foresight.
We are significantly enhancing our focus on cutting-edge technologies with the formation of the Quantum & High-Performance Computing Strategic Business Unit, Europe. The SBU's core focus will be to drive revenue growth and scale Fsas Technologies' quantum and HPC business in Germany and across Europe. This central team will lead the effort in defining and executing our forward-thinking Quantum and High-Performance Computing business strategy.
To join the SBU, we are seeking a
Senior
Presales Consultant specialized in HPC and AI platforms, capable of providing global technical leadership for HPC and AI tenders while also taking the responsibility for the computing aspects of the projects
. This role combines strong technical expertise with commercial, communications and team working skills to design tailored technology solutions that meet our customer's needs in a set of different European countries.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése