Cég neve
The Stepstone Group GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Join our team and you'll be responsible for managing global digital transformation projects across Marketing, Sales, Service, Finance and HR, ensuring successful delivery, stakeholder alignment, and measurable business value.
Working in the Commercial Systems department you will lead critical transformation initiatives within StepStone's product and technology environment, foster cross-functional collaboration, resolve challenges, and drive sustainable business success through effective execution and on-time delivery.
By joining our team, you will be playing a vital role as together we reimagine the labour market to make it work for everybody.
Your responsibilities
• Lead and deliver large-scale initiatives within Stepstone's product division across multiple portfolios (e.g., Commercial, Recruit).
• Structure, plan, and execute complex projects and programs from conception through implementation in line with best practices and business needs.
• Share accountability for delivery outcomes with Product and Tech teams while coordinating cross-functional project teams.
• Prepare presentations, analyses, and reports, providing actionable recommendations to ensure successful project execution.
• Collaborate with international stakeholders, report to the Head of System Transformation, and drive delivery governance including planning, roadmaps, risk, and dependency management.
Requirements
• Master's degree or equivalent university qualification.
• 2–4 years of professional experience in consulting, software delivery, digital transformation, or similar roles, including project or workstream management.
• Strong business understanding in at least one core area such as CRM, CPQ, E-Commerce, Finance Applications, HCM, BI, or Marketing Automation.
• Ability to effectively bridge Business and IT, with strong analytical, conceptual, and communication skills across all organizational levels.
• Familiarity with agile delivery methods and tools (e.g., Scrum, Kanban, SAFe, Atlassian Suite) and excellent MS Office skills; experience with global platforms or multinational rollouts is a plus.
• Strong interest in new technologies, including AI, and fluent business English (German is an advantage).
We kindly ask all candidates to submit their application documents in English.
What we offer
Your benefits
We're a community here that cares as much about your life outside work as how you feel when you're with us. Because your job shouldn't take over your life, it should enrich it. Here are some of the benefits we offer:
30 days of holidays + 2 extra days for Christmas and New Year's Eve
Hybrid working model
Company pension scheme
24/7 Employee Assistance Programme
Life Assurance Cover
Volunteering days
Job bike
Discounted parking or job ticket
In-house gym
In-house barista
And you can bring your dog to the office
Our commitment
Equal opportunities are important to us. We believe that diversity and inclusion at The Stepstone Group are critical to our success as a global company, so we want to recruit, develop, and keep the best talent. We encourage applications from everyone, regardless of background, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability status, ethnicity, belief, age, family or parental status, and any other characteristic.
Company info
Stepstone is a leading online job board in Germany, dedicated to connecting job seekers with their ideal employment opportunities. As a major player in the German job market, we had a key role in facilitating millions of job placements across various sectors and industries.
We are proud to be part of The Stepstone Group, a global expert in job-tech platforms. Being part of a global team allows us to leverage cutting-edge technology, data, and industry expertise to enhance our services and continuously innovate our technology to meet the job market's needs.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Marketing,
Media, PR
Project
Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése