Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY
INCIDENT MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY
INCIDENT
MANAGEMENT
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
The future of metrology begins at ZEISS
ZEISS Industrial Quality Solution stands for pioneering measurement technology with more than 100 years of tradition. We develop and produce high-performance tactile, optical 3D and X-ray measuring devices and also offer suitable software solutions for analysing measurement data. With a strong and broad technology and software portfolio, comprehensive expertise and a global presence, ZEISS is a preferred partner in a wide range of industries, including electromobility, medical technology, additive manufacturing and aircraft construction.
Your Role
You implement security solutions that protect our products at every stage of the development cycle
You conduct various code reviews to identify security risks in architectures and develop strategies to mitigate these risks
You carry out threat modeling exercises to identify potential security risks and recommend appropriate countermeasures
You raise awareness among our software teams regarding "Secure by Design" in various training or workshop sessions
You document security incidents and provide guidance on incident management and response procedures
You assess the effectiveness of implemented security measures through audits and penetration tests
You work very closely with enterprise architects and other architects of functional areas to ensure relevant security solutions across all digital systems
Requirements
You have a completed degree in Computer Science / Information Security
You have initial experience in developing security architecture artifacts and reference architectures
You are familiar with common security frameworks, standards, and best practices, and you always stay "up-to-date"
You bring initial knowledge in the application of threat modeling methods
You have experience in implementing a Secure Development Lifecycle environment; ideally, you hold existing certifications such as CISSP, CCSP
You are strong in communication and can advise and convince colleagues of the importance of "Secure-by-Design"
You have fluent English and German language skills
Become part of our team and set new standards in industrial measurement technolog
Company info
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Security
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése