Cég neve
N26 GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
BACKEND
SPRING
KOTLIN
DATABASES
CLOUD
SECURITY
ACCESS
AWS
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
BACKEND
SPRING
KOTLIN
DATABASES
CLOUD
SECURITY
ACCESS
AWS
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a Backend Engineer at N26, you will be encouraged to embrace the latest technological updates and given a platform to work on complex, interesting problems on a daily basis.
Design, develop, test, deploy and maintain software in a thriving environment
Manage individual project priorities and deliverables whilst working in a team who enjoy knowledge sharing sessions
Stay up to date with the latest trends in technology and you are not afraid to propose some findings during our GSDD.
Work within your cross-functional team to uphold the highest technical standards right across the product
Requirements
What you need to be successful:
Background:
Experience in developing software using a JVM language and Spring Boot in Large-scale production systems (note: experience of Kotlin would be a plus)
Sound understanding of microservice architecture
Knowledge of both relational and non-relational databases, preferably Postgres
Skills:
Sound understanding of microservice architecture
Deep knowledge of both relational and non-relational databases, preferably Postgres
Appreciation of working in a modern cloud architecture, preferably with AWS
Language Skills: Full professional proficiency in English
Traits:
Highly motivated and not afraid of getting things done
Ongoing appreciation and consideration for security
Motivation to write code which is well-tested and well-documented
Give and receive open, direct and timely feedback
What we offer
What's in it for you:
Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe's most talked about disruptors .
Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness & wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.
As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.
Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.
A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and backgrounds.
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.
Equal Opportunities:
We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.
We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know.
Visit our website to learn more about Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion at N26.
Company info
About the opportunity
Banking Foundations domain mission for N26 is to provide secure and compliant banking services that are frictionless and innovative for customers, while enabling efficient operations and informed decision-making for our staff. We achieve this through robust customer identity verification, proactive risk management, and seamless customer support. This foundation enables N26 to achieve sustainable growth while maintaining the highest levels of trust with our customers and regulators.
We are seeking a talented Backend Engineer to join our expanding teams in Barcelona and evolve our product, powered by a microservice architecture predominantly written in Java 8 and Kotlin, using Spring Boot.
Our cross-functional teams are passionate about collaboration and sharing knowledge, as well as working with a high degree of autonomy.
Who we are
N26 has reimagined banking for today's digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it's how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.
We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.
We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése