Cég neve
Utimaco GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
MS PROJECT
SECURITY
ITIL
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
PMI
SCRUM
JIRA
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
MS
PROJECT
SECURITY
ITIL
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
PMI
SCRUM
JIRA
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Identifying and coordinating the inter-dependencies among projects, products, and other important strategic initiatives across an organization
Overseeing a whole program, which could be split into sub-projects managed by different project managers
Planning the overall program, defining cross-functional interfaces an managing time schedules as well as the program脗麓s budget
Lead and/or coordinate cross-functional project teams from design to delivery of fully-developed products that are ready for customer use
Delivering successful program outcome, this could include launching a product, implementing a new sales process, or opening a new location
Requirements
University degree in engineering, business, project management or related field
A minimum of 3 years of experience in project management in the IT, Technology, and/or Security information systems industry
Preferably you have a PMI / PRINCE 2 certification, a ITIL v3/v4 foundation certification and/or a SCRUM Master (LESS, SAFe etc.) certification
Proficiency in project management softwares (e.g., MS Project, Asana, JIRA).
You bring market knowledge of Information Security, Telecommunication, Payment industry and/or OEM (Mobile devices)
Fluent written and spoken English
What we offer
An open and friendly corporate culture characterized by constructive and collaborative interaction
We provide you with support for your future plans with a company pension scheme (depending on country-specific circumstances)
Early risers and night owls - thanks to a flexible working model you can organise your working day yourself
We also support you privately 芒聙聯 benefit from special payments or additional vacation days on anniversaries or other special occasions
Utimaco is growing and living diversity! Our global team includes colleagues from 42 nationalities and 45 different languages spoken
Company info
Security is becoming increasingly important to industries. Utimaco products have been protecting people from organized crime and terror as well as sensitive data from theft and abuse for over 35 years. To this end, Utimaco has developed hardware security modules and compliance solutions for telecommunications providers in the field of regulation. Utimaco is the global market leader in both segments. Utimaco stands for recognized product quality, userbility, excellent support and a market-driven offer, manufactured in Germany.
The central goal of protecting people, data and ideas is the commitment of more than 200 people to Utimaco.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Project
Management
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése