Cég neve
Utimaco GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
C++
NETWORK
LINUX
SECURITY
PYTHON
GIT
DATABASE
POSTGRESQL
AGILE
TESTING
BASH
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
C++
NETWORK
LINUX
SECURITY
PYTHON
GIT
DATABASE
POSTGRESQL
AGILE
TESTING
BASH
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Design and implement high-performance software components for complex distributed systems, focusing on C++ development and advanced network protocols.
Develop features aligned with the product roadmap and implement custom solutions for individual customer requirements.
Analyze and resolve technical challenges independently, ensuring scalability, reliability, and security in mission-critical environments.
Integrate third-party applications and libraries into our distributed architecture, meeting strict availability and security requirements.
Collaborate within an agile development team to deliver robust and maintainable software modules.
Plan and implement comprehensive testing strategies across unit, integration, and system levels, ensuring coverage, reliability, and compliance with quality standards.
Document and present code and technical designs, and communicate technical issues and solutions within the team and to outside stakeholders
Requirements
Your profile
YOUR PROFILE:
Successfully completed your studies in computer science or a comparable education
Relevant professional experience in the field of modern software development
Very good knowledge and practical experience in modern C++ (20+)
Experience in Python, Go and Bash are an advantage
Practical experience in working with C++ code in Linux server environments
Experience developing security critical components, including authentication, encryption and network security
Already used tools for code analysis and optimization such as Clang, Valgrind and code reviews
Sound knowledge of network protocols and the programming of corresponding applications
Knowledge of complex client-server architectures
Experience with authentication/authorization protocols like Oauth, OIDC, SAML etc are a plus
Experience in performance optimization and measurement in C++ code
You have already developed using Git on Linux systems and worked with virtualized/containerized deployment systems
Database know-how, ideally in connection with PostgreSQL
Good English language skills in written and spoken form
What we offer
We offer
WE OFFER:
A true international presence: in Germany, Italy, and the UK
Growing at a fast pace, gaining market share over our competitors
An open and friendly corporate culture, characterized by constructive and cooperative relationships
Flexible working hours and home-office options
Professional and personal development through targeted further education opportunities
Company info
Security is becoming increasingly important to industries. Utimaco products have been protecting people from organized crime and terror as well as sensitive data from theft and abuse for over 35 years. To this end, Utimaco has developed hardware security modules and compliance solutions for telecommunications providers in the field of regulation. Utimaco is the global market leader in both segments. Utimaco stands for recognized product quality, userbility, excellent support and a market-driven offer, manufactured in Germany.
The central goal of protecting people, data and ideas is the commitment of more than 200 people to Utimaco.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése