Cég neve
Voith GmbH & Co. KGaA
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Amit kínálunk
About the Voith Group
The Voith Group is a global technology company. With its broad portfolio of systems, products, services and digital applications, Voith sets standards in the markets of energy, paper, raw materials and transport & automotive. Founded in 1867, the company today has around 22,000 employees, sales of € 5.2 billion and locations in over 60 countries worldwide and is thus one of the larger family-owned companies in Europe.
Support the Voith Group | Corporate Development & Sustainability as
Vice President (m|w|d) / Senior Manager (m|w|d) - Corporate Strategy
Job ID 77272 | Location Heidenheim | flexible hybrid working model
What we expect
Lead global corporate strategy projects to define and implement the company's strategy, fostering alignment with all stakeholders from management board to regional management.
Lead cross-functional teams to identify growth opportunities, improve profitability and develop actionable plans to enhance our competitive positioning.
Drive the strategic planning process, facilitating workshops and discussions with senior leadership to set long-term goals and priorities.
Conduct market research to ensure informed strategic decisions analyzing industry trends, customer behaviors and competitive landscapes.
Act as a liaison between the senior leadership teams and various stakeholders, facilitating effective communication and execution of strategic initiatives.
Implement and develop our M&A-strategy in collaboration our M&A team and Divisions.
Who we are looking for
A master's degree, MBA or an equivalent qualification has been successfully completed.
With over four years of professional experience in strategy consulting or corporate strategy, you bring valuable expertise.
With exceptional strategic thinking and analytical skills, you are able to present complex ideas clearly and persuasively, even at senior management levels.
A highly self-motivated and structured mindset allows you to think end-to-end.
Your working style is defined by a positive, collaborative and open team spirit.
You have excellent written and spoken English skills, German is a plus.
We offer you an international working environment with an open and inclusive company culture. In addition, you can expect flexible working models, sustainable development opportunities and various offers for the compatibility of family and career as well as health and well-being.
Apply now via our web portal.
Find more details about the application
process.
The
J.M. Voith SE & Co. KG | VZS (Corporate Functions & Services)
is looking forward to your application!
Your personal contact
J.M. Voith SE & Co. KG | VZS
Global Business Services HR EMEA
Talent Acquisition Team • Tomeika Whelan • Tel. +49 7321 37 3440
voith.com/career
Job ID 77272
Jelentkezés módja
A cég weboldalán tudja leadni jelentkezését, amelyet a „Jelentkezés a cégnél” gomb megnyomásával ér el.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
programozás, Fejlesztés
Programozó,
Fejlesztő
Németország
Álláshirdetés jelentése