Cég neve
Ströer Content Group Product & Tech GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
BACKEND
PYTHON
FRONTEND
REACT
AWS
NETWORK
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
BACKEND
PYTHON
FRONTEND
REACT
AWS
NETWORK
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Conceptualize, develop and maintain affiliate marketing software solutions for brands like t-online, GIGA, kino and more
Explore ideas how to bring even more value to our readers
Discuss and decide about technical challenges with the other team members and if required across teams and brands
Ensure the code is efficient, maintainable and scalable
Stay up-to-date and work with a modern technology stack - we are currently running on: AWS (IaC) while using Astro (SSR) and React (CSR) for our frontend applications and Django on our backend
Utilize the benefits of a micro-service architecture with full automation of our infrastructure and enjoy the fast pace of independent cross-functional teams
Requirements
You have a minimum of 3 years of programming experience
You are familiar with modern web development
You know the difference between SSR, SSG, CSR
You can handle typescript as well as python code and can work with Astro, React and django
You create positive, constructive conversations using objective statements and data - people value your contributions to a debate
You are passionate about technology, driving innovation and strive to make a difference with your contributions
What we offer
Feelgood: working with a view at our office in Hamburg, recreation rooms in Frankfurt/Main and Munich and a lounge with Playstation in Berlin - each location has a unique charm to offer
Community: We take responsibility and ensure more sustainability and diversity at our company - get involved in our sustainability workshop or become a member of one of our communities such as LGBTQ+ or our women's network
Company: You will work in a communicative and respectful environment characterized by an open culture. As a company, we attach particular importance to the professional equality of our employees
Learn & Grow: The Ströer universe provides space for creativity as well as professional and personal development opportunities, e.g. in our internal talent program
On top: Profit from our benefits and take advantage of a subsidized lunch, lease a bike and enjoy exclusive discounts in many stores
Company info
Tech empowers journalism!
You want to work with the latest technologies to bring journalism to a new level? We're a strong and experienced team of more than 150 product managers, developers, and UX and design experts at Ströer Content Group Product & Tech.
We are helping our teams across all our brands - from our news website t-online.de to our special interest portals like Giga.de, kino.de amongst others - to deliver value to our readers.
To do so, we are not only building tooling for internal usage, but also embeddable widgets, which are enriching the reading experience for hundreds of thousands of users.
Our team is responsible for everything necessary to generate quality affiliate content - from infrastructure as code to the code, from enabling editors to search for good offers to making sure the reader gets forwarded to the shops correctly.
We believe in trying new things, challenging ourselves as well as each-other. Are you an out-of-the-box thinker and would like to share your ideas with us and our users?
We are currently looking for a Full-Stack Developer Affiliate (m/f/d) - who wants to build, run and own our applications, who wants to be a partner throughout the applications lifecycle from the first idea through the sketch, concept and development phase till the moment when it launches.
Please note that we cannot offer fully remote positions. The position is located in Berlin.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése