Cég neve
Accenture Korlátolt Felelősségű Társaság
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Cafeteria
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SERVICENOW
Elvárások
Angol középfok
3-5 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Cafeteria
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SERVICENOW
Angol
középfok
3-5
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Implement complex ServiceNow solutions, including system configuration and development of custom features.
Provide advanced technical consulting and support quality assurance activities.
Ensure adherence to implementation standards and technical best practices.
Offer deep expertise on technical questions related to the ServiceNow platform.
Understand complex business needs and help standardize processes in design and deliverables.
Technical lead of a small development team delivering high-quality solutions.
Requirements
Minimum of four years of experience in ServiceNow development.
Expertise with at least one ServiceNow module; experience with several modules is an advantage.
ServiceNow Certified System Administrator (CSA) certification is required; additional certifications such as Certified Application Developer (CAD) or Certified Implementation Specialist (CIS) are highly preferred.
Excellent command of English; knowledge of German is an advantage.
Demonstrated ability to work independently and as part of a team.
What we offer
Competitive compensation package including cafeteria budget, private health care, family-oriented benefits, AYCM sport pass, and company shares at a discount price.
Extensive home office opportunity and a nice office to meet with your team members.
Wide range of leading-edge training and language courses.
Company-sponsored ServiceNow certificates, including the CTA certification.
Employee assistance program: Psychologist support, legal or financial advice.
Company info
Accenture is a leading global professional services company and a recognized Global Elite Partner of ServiceNow with over 5500 professionals and over 17000 ServiceNow certifications. Our market position and partnership with ServiceNow enables us to be at the forefront of innovation in ServiceNow development and implementation. We help organizations worldwide streamline services across their enterprises, enhance speed, agility, and efficiency at scale.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése