Cég neve
ARM Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
Nem kell tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
Nem
kell tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Be involved in the design process of SoCs by integrating the latest Arm IP products while ensuring correct functional behaviour.
Develop RTL code using System Verilog.
Run EDA tools to check the design and analyze results.
Identify and fix bugs.
Work directly with engineers across the company to build next-generation systems having access to the newest technology.
Requirements
Hold (or are on track to hold) a degree by the programme start date (Bachelors, Masters or PhD in Electronic / Electrical Engineering or Computer Science).
Candidates with alternative degrees will also be considered if they have relevant experience.
Good English communication is required.
Experience with a hardware description language.
Knowledge of scripting languages, e.g. Python/TCL/Perl/PHP.
Understanding of SoC / ASIC (or FGPA) design methodologies and techniques.
Curiosity about technology outside of the classroom – personal projects, hackathons, or internships etc.
What we offer
Competitive salary and comprehensive rewards package.
Support, autonomy and opportunity to excel in your career.
Mid-year and year-end review for career progression.
Attend "Grad-teach-Grads" workshops, guest speaker series and various social events.
Opportunity to join Graduate Committee to develop planning, networking and co-ordination skills.
Invitation to exclusive Global Graduate Conference (GGC).
Hybrid working environment supporting high performance and personal wellbeing.
Company info
Arm is an equal opportunity employer, committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal opportunities are available to all applicants and colleagues. We are a diverse organization of dedicated and innovative individuals, and don’t discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Engineer
Electronic
Control Engineer
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése