Cég neve
Accenture Korlátolt Felelősségű Társaság
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Cafeteria
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
TESTING
JAVASCRIPT
AGILE
DATABASE
HTML.
JAVA
SQL.
CLOUD
ITIL
SERVICENOW
TROUBLESHOOTING
SERVICE MANAGEMENT
INCIDENT MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Cafeteria
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
TESTING
JAVASCRIPT
AGILE
DATABASE
HTML.
JAVA
SQL.
CLOUD
ITIL
SERVICENOW
TROUBLESHOOTING
SERVICE
MANAGEMENT
INCIDENT
MANAGEMENT
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Design, develop, and implement BMC Helix/Remedy applications and solutions tailored to client specifications and business requirements.
Integrate BMC Helix/Remedy with other enterprise systems and third-party applications to ensure seamless operations and data flow.
Customize BMC Helix/Remedy modules, workflows, and user interfaces to enhance usability and meet specific business needs.
Provide technical support and troubleshooting for BMC Helix/Remedy applications, ensuring timely resolution of issues and minimal disruption to business operations.
Create and maintain detailed technical documentation, including design specifications, testing plans, and user guides.
Work closely with project managers, business analysts, and other stakeholders to gather requirements, provide status updates, and deliver high-quality solutions on time and within budget.
Provide training and support to end-users and IT staff on BMC Helix/Remedy functionalities and best practices.
Stay up to date with the latest developments in BMC Helix/Remedy and IT service management to identify opportunities for process improvements and innovation.
Support issues related to the applications: Digital Workplace, Smart IT, Helix Dashboard, Remedy Single Sign-On, Mid-tier.
Provide support for BMC Remedy ITSM modules including Incident Management, Problem Management, Asset Management, Configuration Database Management, Service Level Management.
Configure Foundation data and set up ITSM modules.
Manage Service Requests using SRM or the Digital Workplace Catalog.
Create reconciliation jobs, custom datasets, attributes, and classes in CMDB.
Maintain CMDB health checks and configure notifications using HTML.
Create Reports, Dashboards, and distribute reports.
Respond to and resolve issues within defined SLAs.
Engage with BMC to identify and resolve issues.
Requirements
Minimum of 3 years of hands-on experience with BMC Helix/Remedy development, including design, customization, and integration.
Proficiency in BMC Helix/Remedy platform, including AR System, Atrium CMDB, ITSM Suite, and Smart IT.
Strong programming skills in languages such as Java, JavaScript, and SQL.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to troubleshoot complex technical issues.
Strong verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to explain technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.
Ability to work effectively both independently and as part of a collaborative team environment.
Experience with cloud-based ITSM solutions and SaaS platforms (preferred).
Knowledge of ITIL framework and best practices in IT service management (preferred).
Familiarity with agile development methodologies (preferred).
Experience with other ITSM tools, such as ServiceNow or Cherwell, is a plus.
BMC Certified Professional (BCP) or BMC Certified Expert (BCE) OR BMC Remedy Administrator are preferred.
What we offer
Competitive compensation package including cafeteria budget, private health care, family-oriented benefits, AYCM card, and company shares at a discount price.
Extensive home office opportunity and a nice office to meet with your team members.
Wide range of leading-edge trainings, including all available ServiceNow certifications and a variety of language courses.
Employee assistance program: Psychologist support, legal or financial advice.
Company info
We work with one shared purpose: to deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity. Every day, more than 775,000 of us help our stakeholders continuously reinvent. Together, we drive positive change and deliver value to our clients, partners, shareholders, communities, and each other.
We believe that delivering value requires innovation, and innovation thrives in an inclusive and diverse environment. We actively foster a workplace free from bias, where everyone feels a sense of belonging and is respected and empowered to do their best work.
At Accenture, we see well-being holistically, supporting our people’s physical, mental, and financial health. We also provide opportunities to keep skills relevant through certifications, learning, and diverse work experiences. We’re proud to be consistently recognized as one of the World’s Best Workplaces™.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése