Cég neve
iREMS Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Troubleshoot and resolve advanced issues for customers related to the iREMS software, providing advice and expert knowledge by email, chat, and web channels
Work closely with Product Development and DevOps to diagnose problems and deliver solutions to our customers often liaising with the software development team
Deliver professional and efficient customer service while performing to agreed Service Level Agreement (SLA) and Key Performance Indicator (KPI) targets
Communicate clearly and effectively both internally and externally
Accurately record all customer contact and outcomes within designated software
Escalate issues in a timely and appropriate manner in line with SLAs in place
At all times adhere to the working processes and procedures of the department
Contribute to and maintain knowledge base articles and documents
Requirements
At least 2-4 years of experience and a track record of delivering high-quality customer service in a customer-focused environment, preferably a contact center
IT qualifications/degree educated essential
Experience working in a technical or software support capacity is essential
Real estate experience is valued
Naturally inquisitive with good questioning skills and good attention to detail
Able to communicate well and build rapport with people at various levels of a business
A desire to go the extra mile for customers and take personal responsibility for resolving issues
Fluent language skills in English. Additional Central European language is a plus
High learning agility and ability to apply knowledge learned
What we offer
Remote work
Regular training and development opportunities
Use of cutting-edge agile software development methodologies
International work environment
Solution-oriented company culture
Competitive salary
Regular team buildings - engaging with our dedicated and motivated team, maintaining a strong team spirit
Company info
iREMS International AG creates one of the leading Real Estate Management Software Platforms for customers in Central and Western Europe. We are an experienced, dedicated and enthusiastic team. We like to think outside the box, to listen to our customers and we are passionate about delivering great software solutions. Tired of the slow pace and limited work scope in large multinationals? We are a high-paced, international startup where your contribution counts everyday!
Our culture is one-of-a-kind, with a strong focus on giving our employees what they need - things like competitive pay, a casual work environment and carrier growth opportunities, - so we can satisfy our clients' needs. We believe every contact is an opportunity to deliver not only the right solution, but an amazing customer experience as well. You can find out more about our cultural values here.
We have offices in Stansstad (Switzerland), Budapest (Hungary) and Oradea (Romania).
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Building
Industry, Real Estate
Real
Estate, Building Industry, Sales
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése