Cég neve
Accenture Korlátolt Felelősségű Társaság
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Cafeteria
Egészségbiztosítás
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Cafeteria
Egészségbiztosítás
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Drive the implementation, enhancement, and optimization of SAP MM solutions
Translate business needs into smart, scalable MM processes and configurations
Support the full lifecycle of SAP delivery — design, configuration, testing, and deployment
Bring fresh ideas to existing processes and help clients adopt best practices
Collaborate closely with global teams and maintain strong communication with business stakeholders
Contribute to rollout, upgrade, and long-term support activities across diverse industries
Requirements
5+ years of hands-on experience as an SAP MM Consultant
Strong expertise in SAP MM configuration (Purchasing, Inventory Management, Logistics Invoice Verification, etc.)
Practical experience with related SAP areas such as: SAP SD (order-to-cash integration), SAP FI/CO (MM–FI integration, invoice posting)
Pricing, release strategies, and procurement workflows
Understanding of end-to-end procurement processes and supply chain flows
Experience with SAP S/4HANA is a strong advantage
Proactive, solution-oriented mindset with strong communication skills
Advanced English (German is a plus)
What we offer
Participation in full-cycle and diverse international projects
Opportunity to work as a specialist or manager/team lead
Constant career development with internal mentorship
Chance to leading-edge functional and technical SAP trainings
Access to a whole set of learning platforms, paid certifications
Flexible working conditions, home working is allowed
Attractive base salary & Wide range of benefits included cafeteria, bonuses, private health insurance package, life insurance, AYCM sport card, referral bonus, family-oriented benefits, company shares on a discount price
Company info
We work with one shared purpose: to deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity. Every day, more than 775,000 of us help our stakeholders continuously reinvent. Together, we drive positive change and deliver value to our clients, partners, shareholders, communities, and each other.
We believe that delivering value requires innovation, and innovation thrives in an inclusive and diverse environment. We actively foster a workplace free from bias, where everyone feels a sense of belonging and is respected and empowered to do their best work.
At Accenture, we see well-being holistically, supporting our people’s physical, mental, and financial health. We also provide opportunities to keep skills relevant through certifications, learning, and diverse work experiences. We’re proud to be consistently recognized as one of the World’s Best Workplaces™. Join Accenture to work at the heart of change.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Transportation,
Procurement, Logistics
Supply
Chain
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése