Cég neve
SnapSoft Informatikai és Szolgáltató Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Egészségbiztosítás
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
AWS
AZURE
PYTHON
PANDAS
MACHINE LEARNING
SQL.
Biztosított eszközök
MacOS
Elvárások
Angol középfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Egészségbiztosítás
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
AWS
AZURE
PYTHON
PANDAS
MACHINE
LEARNING
SQL.
MacOS
Angol
középfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Lead a team of 2-3 AI and cloud engineers focused on fast prototyping of AI/ML solutions in AWS cloud.
Provide mentoring and technical support to junior and medium teammates.
Act as a trusted advisor to clients.
Develop highly scalable services realizing AI/ML functionalities (e.g. NLP, ML and AI models).
Implement various machine learning solutions addressing computer vision and NLP use cases.
Work with Large Language Models (LLMs), perform prompt engineering tasks.
Design and implement data transformation services for various use cases, such as automatic translation and transcription, Text2SQL, and intent and gesture recognition.
Design, build, and maintain robust and scalable data pipelines for extracting, transforming, and loading (ETL) data from various sources.
Use AWS cloud to implement AI/ML solutions (e.g. Bedrock, Sagemaker, Lambda, Textract).
Understand customers’ business problems and provide technology consulting to identify the best-fit solution.
Own the end-to-end solution as a key decision-maker and drive the delivery team.
Describe infrastructures using Terraform (Terragrunt) or AWS CloudFormation.
Design, build and maintain CI/CD pipelines in multiple integration and test environments.
Stay up-to-date with the AWS innovations and achieve Professional/Specialty level certifications based on personal interest.
Contribute to AWS Competency and Service Delivery Program to support SnapSoft’s AWS Partner journey
Requirements
A bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field
Multiple years of experience developing data or AI solutions preferably in AWS cloud environment.
Experience with some of the following technologies: SageMaker, Bedrock, Glue, MWAA, EMR, RDS, Aurora, S3, OpenSearch, ElasticSearch.
Strong proficiency in Python and experience with relevant frameworks and libraries, such as pandas, pyspark, numpy, sklearn, matplotlib, etc.
Familiarity with SQL.
Knowledge of some cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP) and their services.
Familiarity with AI/ML technologies (e.g., Computer Vision, NLP, anomaly detection).
Understanding AI tools and concepts like LLMs, ChatGPT, RAG, etc.
Excellent problem-solving and communication skills.
Strong communication and collaboration skills with the ability to work effectively in a team environment
AWS Professional/Specialty Certification is preferred
What we offer
A company culture based on autonomy and accountability
Flexible working hours
Cool office with great location in Budapest, nearby Deak Ferenc Square / Astoria
Macbook in order to be the most efficient in your daily tasks
Company-sponsored technical trainings
Company-sponsored trips to relevant, professional conferences
Medicover Health Insurance
English course with native teachers
AYCM SportPass contribution, yoga at the office, SnapSoft football
Regular cocktail parties, team buildings, an annual all staff 3-day summer retreat
Book club & SnapSoft library, Board game club & regular board game evenings
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése