Cég neve
Accenture Korlátolt Felelősségű Társaság
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SERVICENOW
JAVASCRIPT
HTML
CSS
ACCESS
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SERVICENOW
JAVASCRIPT
HTML
CSS
ACCESS
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Develop, customize, and maintain ServiceNow applications, modules, and integrations.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements and translate them into technical solutions.
Design, develop, test, and implement ServiceNow solutions in alignment with industry best practices.
Troubleshoot and resolve issues in ServiceNow applications and integrations.
Stay up-to-date with ServiceNow releases and contribute to continuous improvement efforts.
Requirements
Minimum of two years of experience in ServiceNow development including experience in JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and ServiceNow scripting languages.
Experience with ServiceNow modules such as ITSM, ITOM, ITBM, or CSM is a plus.
ServiceNow Certified System Administrator (CSA) certification is preferred but not required.
Excellent problem-solving and communication skills.
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.
What we offer
Competitive salary and benefits package.
Opportunity to work on diverse and challenging projects.
Access to ServiceNow training and certification programs.
Career growth and advancement opportunities.
A supportive and collaborative team environment.
Recognition as a Global Strategic Partner of ServiceNow.
Company info
We work with one shared purpose: to deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity. Every day, more than 775,000 of us help our stakeholders continuously reinvent. Together, we drive positive change and deliver value to our clients, partners, shareholders, communities, and each other.
We believe that delivering value requires innovation, and innovation thrives in an inclusive and diverse environment. We actively foster a workplace free from bias, where everyone feels a sense of belonging and is respected and empowered to do their best work.
At Accenture, we see well-being holistically, supporting our people’s physical, mental, and financial health. We also provide opportunities to keep skills relevant through certifications, learning, and diverse work experiences. We’re proud to be consistently recognized as one of the World’s Best Workplaces™.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése