Cég neve
Cheppers Szolgáltató Zrt.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
1137, Budapest, Szent István körút 22.
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Magyar középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok és Magyar középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Serve as the primary contact for assigned clients, responsible for both project delivery and commercial relationship management.
Plan, schedule, and oversee all phases of projects (discovery, development, testing, deployment), ensuring quality, timeliness, and budget adherence.
Proactively nurture and grow existing client accounts, identifying opportunities for upselling and cross-selling Cheppers’ services.
Take full responsibility for the sales and presales process with assigned clients, including needs assessment, proposal preparation, and contract negotiation (no outbound sales/hunting).
Maintain strong, clear, and timely communication with both clients (primarily US-based) and internal teams.
Keep documentation up-to-date, write meeting memos, and ensure accurate project tracking (e.g., in JIRA).
Monitor progress, remove roadblocks, resolve conflicts, and ensure effective team coordination.
Track project time, mitigate risks, and prevent delays or budget overruns.
Requirements
At least one year as a Project Manager and/or Account Manager and/or Success Manager in IT projects (web or cloud experience is a plus, but not required).
Fluent or advanced English (required for US-based clients) and Hungarian.
Excellent time management and organisational skills.
Outstanding written and verbal communication.
Strong commercial acumen and client relationship skills.
Understanding of project management methodologies (Agile, Waterfall).
Experience with team coordination and conflict resolution.
Ability to manage the full sales and presales process for existing clients.
Critical thinking and adaptability to changing requirements.
Strong sense of ownership and accountability in driving projects to successful completion.
Nice-to-have
Experience with web development or cloud/infra projects., Familiarity with content management systems (Drupal, PHP-based CMS)., Knowledge of DevOps and cloud concepts (AWS)., Experience with JIRA or similar tools., Experience with HubSpot, including managing CRM workflows, Familiarity with agile project management tools.
What we offer
Participation in interesting, long-term projects.
Opportunities for professional growth and valuable training.
Flexible working hours, home office options, and a healthy work-life balance.
Company English lessons with a native teacher.
Dog-friendly downtown office in Budapest.
Opportunities for career advancement and leadership roles.
Company info
Cheppers was founded in 2012 and today we are the market leaders among the Hungarian Drupal companies, with a strong international reputation. We currently have 40+ colleagues who work on cloud services and consulting (AWS) and Drupal based web solutions.
We believe in continuous learning and we like to share knowledge with each other through in-house training.
We are transparent and aim to be as open as possible with each other, and we strongly believe in growing together.
Most of our colleagues have participated in open source projects.
We are regular attendees/presenters/organizers/code sprinters/sponsors of professional conferences in Hungary and abroad.
More than half of our team members have visited our clients in Western Europe and the USA to work on-site or to attend team building events.
We have an office in Chicago and a constantly growing team in the USA.
From 2019 we are a member of the AWS Partner Network.
Lots of our colleagues have acquired AWS and Acquia certifications.
In 2025, we became the first official GitLab partner in Hungary.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Sales,
Trade
Project
Manager
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése