Cég neve
Accenture Korlátolt Felelősségű Társaság
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Cafeteria
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SQL
UML
CLOUD
JAVA
DOCKER
AGILE
SPRING.
DATABASE
HTML
CSS
JAVASCRIPT
AZURE
API
SCRUM
Elvárások
Angol középfok
3-5 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Cafeteria
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SQL
UML
CLOUD
JAVA
DOCKER
AGILE
SPRING.
DATABASE
HTML
CSS
JAVASCRIPT
AZURE
API
SCRUM
Angol
középfok
3-5
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Work in a team to design and code clean, maintainable and high-performance custom-build solutions based on Java technologies and related frameworks.
Follow defined methodology and standards to create software of high quality.
Conduct code reviews and provide constructive feedback to team members.
Write and execute unit tests necessary to ensure that an application or technical environment meets requirements.
Stay up-to-date with the latest industry trends and technologies.
Be part of a community focusing on Agile delivery and principles.
Requirements
3+ years of hands-on experience in Java back-end development
Experience with Java frameworks such as Spring.
Experience with SQL and database design.
Understanding of the Design Patterns, Architectural Blueprints, UML, and Application Design.
Excellent communication skills and an ability to work in a team.
Active English language knowledge
Understanding of Agile/Scrum methodologies.
Nice-to-have
Experience with Microservices design and architecture, Familiarity with front-end technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript), Experience in Azure or similar Cloud components (API Gateway/Workflow orchestration/Serverless applications) is an advantage, Experience with Continuous Delivery principles and related tools (Kubernetes, AKS, Docker), German language knowledge
What we offer
Competitive compensation package including cafeteria budget, private health care, family-oriented benefits, AYCM sport pass, and company shares at a discount price.
Extensive home office opportunity and a nice office to meet with your team members.
Wide range of leading-edge trainings.
Employee assistance program: Psychologist support, legal or financial advice.
Company info
Accenture is a leading global professional services company that helps the world’s leading organizations build their digital core, optimize their operations, accelerate revenue growth and enhance services—creating tangible value at speed and scale. We are a talent- and innovation-led company with approximately 774,000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries. Technology is at the core of change today, and we are one of the world’s leaders in helping drive that change, with strong ecosystem relationships. We combine our strength in technology and leadership in cloud, data and AI with unmatched industry experience, functional expertise and global delivery capability.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése