Cég neve
BMW Group
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY.
MACHINE LEARNING
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY.
MACHINE
LEARNING
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
We are building domain specific foundation models for the automotive value chain at BMW Group, designed to be reused across different disciplines, particular design, simulation, production, sales and production. By training and deploying models at industrial scale, we reduce time to insight, improve engineering quality, and enable consistent AI capabilities across programs.
What awaits you?
Join a multidisciplinary team working on the forefront of generative AI applied to the engineering domain.
Furthermore, you will develop a deep understanding of machine learning models applied to 3D geometries such as CAD files and simulations.
In addition, you will benchmark machine learning methods with regard to their ability to understand relationships between geometries, textual descriptions, and other modalities, including physical properties.
Building on this, you will apply these methods within industrial workflows supporting product development and evaluate them together with domain experts.
At the same time, you will support the strategy and implementation of an AI-first data infrastructure for training the next generation of industrial foundation models.
Finally, you will collaborate with external partners ranging from startups to hyperscalers and leading AI labs.
Requirements
What should you bring along?
PhD or master's degree in the field of Engineering, Computer Science, Math or related area
Several years of industrial experience with CAD or geometry processing systems, including 3D kernels and strong knowledge of geometry representations (for example B Rep, point clouds, signed distance functions, implicit representations).
Profound knowledge of applying machine learning to 3D geometry, including geometry encoding for large scale models and familiarity with geometric deep learning architectures (for example GNNs, diffusion models, PointNet++, or similar).
A technical understanding of engineering processes including design (e.g. parametric CAD modelling, CAE simulations, manufacturing) is beneficial
Strong communication skills in English; German is a plus.
Are you ready to help shape the future of virtual vehicle development? Apply now!
Find out more about Artificial Intelligence at the BMW Group
Are you ready to help shape the future of virtual vehicle development? Apply now!
Find out more about Artificial Intelligence at the BMW Group here.
Note:
Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications through other channels (especially email) cannot be considered.
What we offer
What do we offer?
Challenging projects with which we shape the mobility of tomorrow together.
Wide range of personal and professional development opportunities.
Attractive, fair and performance-related remuneration.
High level of job security.
Annual special payments such as vacation pay, Christmas bonus, and profit sharing.
Flexible working hours including six weeks annual leave and overtime compensation.
Discounted BMW & MINI conditions.
Many other benefits at bmw.jobs/benefits
Earliest starting date:
from now on
Working hours:
full-time
If you apply, the next steps in the selection process include an online test and subsequent interviews with the hiring manager (either virtually or in person).
Stellenreferenz:
173804
Company info
Mit unseren Marken BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce und BMW Motorrad sind wir einer der weltweit führenden Premium-Hersteller von Automobilen sowie Motorrädern und darüber hinaus Anbieter von Premium-Finanz- und Mobilitätsdienstleistungen.
Am Standort
München
suchen wir Sie als
Senior CAE & AI Engineer (f/m/x)
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése