Cég neve
Diligent Governance Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
AWS
CLOUD
SECURITY
NETWORK
AZURE
POWERBI
TABLEAU
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
PMI
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
5-10 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
AWS
CLOUD
SECURITY
NETWORK
AZURE
POWERBI
TABLEAU
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
PMI
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
5-10
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Partner with engineering, finance, and product teams to track, analyze, and forecast AWS and cloud hosting spend across multiple services and environments.
Lead ongoing cost optimization initiatives by identifying waste, working with technical teams to address the waste, optimize the spend, and report to business leads on outcomes.
Partner with engineering teams to prioritize cost‑reduction workstreams and track execution against cost optimization goals.
Management of process improvement and security compliance initiatives for SRE.
Management of projects and process improvement involving AWS and cloud hosting cost optimization, business process automation, incident reduction and management, network and systems monitoring, procurement, and others.
Serve as the main point of contact for driving platform engineering projects including leading of requirements elicitation, business case development, stakeholder management, ownership of weekly project status meetings, project updates, and project risks and dependencies.
Work with business leaders to identify business process gaps, ideate through improvements and develop detailed plans for improvement implementation.
Tracking of projects post-implementation to assess business ROI against expected outcomes.
Direction and vision setting for projects and ability to align functional groups on project priorities.
Assist Senior Manager with building of strong relationships with Software Engineering, Product, and Security leaders through project work, business process improvement, and compliance efforts
Requirements
7+ years of program or technical program management experience in a software, cloud, or infrastructure-focused environment.
Hands-on experience managing cloud cost programs.
Experience with AWS cost management tools (e.g., Cost Explorer, AWS Budgets, Cost & Usage Reports).
Familiarity with cloud architecture fundamentals (compute, storage, networking) and how design decisions impact cost.
Bachelor's degree in business, IT, computer science or related field (or pursuit of advance degree in a related field).
Comfortable organizing and leading meetings with a broad group of stakeholders including executives.
General familiarity with engineering and business tech systems (AWS, Azure, Atlassian, Cortex, PowerBi, Tableau, Airtable, O365 suite).
Ability to work in a highly collaborative and fast-paced environment.
Ability to manage project risks through a proactive approach and RAID log management.
Strong work ethic.
Interpersonal and people management skills.
Knowledge of formal project management methods, techniques, and tools.
Strong attention to detail regarding project planning and documentation.
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail.
Task-oriented individual, capable of taking ownership of projects and bringing them to completion
Nice-to-have
AWS and Project Management Institute (PMI) certifications or other relevant certifications/training are a plus, #LI-Hybrid
What we offer
Flexible work environment
Global days of service
Comprehensive health benefits
Meeting free days
Generous time off policy
Wellness programs
Hybrid work model with expectation to work onsite at least 50% of the time if within commuting distance to an office
Company info
Diligent is the AI leader in governance, risk and compliance (GRC) SaaS solutions, helping more than 1 million users and 700,000 board members to clarify risk and elevate governance. The Diligent One Platform gives practitioners, the C-Suite and the board a consolidated view of their entire GRC practice so they can more effectively manage risk, build greater resilience and make better decisions, faster.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Project
Management
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése