Cég neve
Circonomit GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SQL
CLOUD
BACKEND
TESTING
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SQL
CLOUD
BACKEND
TESTING
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a Software Engineer, you will work side-by-side with our CTO to architect and ship intuitive, high-performance applications. As one of our first engineers, you will take full-stack responsibility and play a pivotal role in actively shaping our product and technical direction. Join our nerdy, fast-paced team to build the computational core that makes our mission possible. We are looking for an engineer with a bias for action who can balance speed with the mid-term tech strategy and is able to take on complex challenges with independence and curiosity.
Build the backbone of Circonomit's technology and develop end-to-end features that deliver immediate value for our customers to map their reality into a semantic and computable model
Build and refine high-quality, performant user interfaces with TypeScript and Solid.js
Design and implement scalable backend systems with a focus on performance and maintainability
Write and review clean, effective code, following best practices and design patterns
Prototype fast and smart, testing and learning between AI capabilities and UX requirements
Requirements
5+ years of software engineering experience, preferably in a startup or fast-paced environment
GitHub or a portfolio showcasing your capabilities and expertise
Proficiency in TypeScript, SQL, and modern frameworks (Solid.js, Tantstack Start, or similar)
Familiar with data structures, algorithms, and cloud-based architecture
Experience with AI capabilities, LLMs, prompt engineering, and RAG is a plus
English and German proficiency at the C1 level or higher
Already living in or willing to relocate to Cologne, Germany
What we offer
We are an early-stage organisation that values speed of development without cutting corners on product quality
You join as part of the core team to shape the technical foundation and story of our company
We empower you with ownership and decision-making authority to build, test, and lead starting day one
We ensure you have skin in the game by offering both a competitive salary and equity
We fully cover your Urban Sports Club membership because we believe that high performance relies on active recovery
You have the space to learn and progress quickly, encouraged by the contagious curiosity and ambition of our team
Can't wait to chat!
“Hustle the day, analyse at night, reinforce something outstanding.” Period.
Erik & Dana
Company info
At Circonomit, we follow the mission to build the strategic twin of organizations. By transforming operational data into clear impact models, we revolutionize how resources are managed and decisions are made.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése