Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
CRM
CHANGE MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
CRM
CHANGE
MANAGEMENT
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
This function offers you the chance to work on one of ZEISS' key group programs that aims to drive harmonization and standardization of processes and structures that define the way how ZEISS will work for years to come. Furthermore, it is a fantastic opportunity for someone who is looking to transition into ZEISS, get to know the company from an instrumental position, while leaving already their individual mark.
Manage compliance with global template processes and ensure process standardization & harmonization within a hub in a global SAP deployment
Conduct local fit-gap analyses and define required template process adaptions (incl. business roles, system authorizations and data requirements) for multiple (parallel) SAP S/4HANA deployment projects
As per design governance, decide on process designs and/or facilitate decision-making in higher committees
Drive interaction with process experts from segment hubs/local entities and provide guidance on business process design aspects
Report functionally to global process owners and ensure that rules & guidelines from global process owners are executed in the hub
Ensure alignment with global process owners and other deputy process owners on integration topics
Identify and align improvements of the global template with global process owners
Review and approve design, configuration and functional specification documents
If required, support in the design of test cases
Requirements
A Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Industrial Engineering or a similar field of study
High affinity for modern IT technologies, especially in-depth expertise in SAP software (preferably SD, S/4 HANA or CRM)
Proven experience driving projects in the area of business process excellence or in a similar performance improvement related environment
Results-oriented, analytical and organizational skills paired with strong change communications skills to develop and successfully implement strategic plans
A strong change management perspective
Strong German and English skills, both written and spoken
Company info
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése