Cég neve
Daimler Truck AG
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
HARDWARE
NETWORK
C
C++
PYTHON
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
HARDWARE
NETWORK
C
C++
PYTHON
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT
Propose innovative methods to abstract EVCC functionality, transforming it from a hardware-dependent system to a flexible software component.
Collaborate closely with our internal and external engineering partners to implement and integrate the software component into a rapid prototyping environment.
Analyze and compare the performance and feasibility of different communication protocols, such as CAN-FD and Ethernet, for EV charging applications.
Evaluate the cost implications and benefits of implementing EVCC as a software component, considering factors such as hardware savings, development efforts, and future scalability.
Present your work to the team and key stakeholders, sharing your insights and recommendations.
Document your journey throughout the thesis project, detailing your methodologies, findings, and results, ensuring a comprehensive record of your contributions
WE OFFER YOU
An exciting and varied role in a dynamic environment
The opportunity to independently contribute to projects and bring in your ideas
Attractive compensation and flexible working hours
Insights into the working world of a leading company in the commercial vehicle industry
Participation in and contribution to exciting exchange and networking events within the cross-location Students @ Daimler Truck network
Requirements
THAT'S WHY YOU ARE A MATCH
Enrolled in a relevant field of study, such as Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related discipline, with a strong academic background
Passion and knowledge in electric vehicle technology and charging systems, with a keen interest in sustainable mobility solutions
Proficiency in programming languages, particularly C/C++ or Python, with a solid understanding of software development principles and practices
Familiarity with vehicle communication protocols, including Ethernet, CAN, and others, and a basic understanding of distributed systems
Analytical thinking and problem-solving skills, with the ability to approach complex challenges with a systematic and creative mindset
Excellent communication abilities, enabling effective teamwork and the sharing of ideas and knowledge
A collaborative attitude and organizational talent, contributing to a positive and productive team dynamic
Interest in BEV development and a willingness to explore new technologies and innovative solutions in the EV space
Understanding of EMC impacts and the ability to analyze and mitigate potential issues, ensuring the reliability and safety of EV charging systems
You don't bring everything with you? No problem! We look for skills but hire for attitude!
MAKEYOURMOVE
and apply now – we‘re looking forward to it!
Additional information:
It doesn't work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB).
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process:
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail:
What we offer
At Daimler Truck, we promote diversity and foster an inclusive corporate culture. We value the individual strengths of our employees, as these lead to the best team performance and thus to the success of our company. Inclusion and Equal opportunities are important to us – regardless of where you come from and who you are. We look forward to receiving applications from people of all cultures and genders, parents, people with disabilities and people from the LGBTIQ+ community.
Company info
ABOUT US
At Daimler Truck, we change today's transportation and create real impact together. We take responsibility around the globe and work together as one global team. We drive our progress and success together – everyone at Daimler Truck makes the difference. Together, we want to reduce our carbon footprint, increase safety on and off the track, develop smarter technology and attractive financial solutions. All essential, to fulfill our purpose - for all who keep the world moving.
Become part of our global team: You make the difference -
YOUMAKEUS
Dive into the future of electric mobility with Daimler Truck AG's Charging Interfaces Team. As a Thesis student, you'll explore the exciting world of software-defined EV charging, investigating and implementing innovative solutions.
At Daimler Truck AG, we're shaping the future of sustainable transportation, and we invite you to join our journey. As a Thesis student in the Charging Interfaces Team, you'll have the unique opportunity to contribute to our mission of revolutionizing electric vehicle (EV) charging. Your focus will be on investigating and implementing a charge communication controller as a software component, a key element in our software-defined vehicle platform. This role offers an immersive experience, allowing you to delve into the cutting-edge world of EV technology and make a tangible impact on our sustainable mobility initiatives.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése