Cég neve
HumanField Kft
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Nézze meg a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét!
Ft/hó
Megnézem
Ön felfedte a jelentkezők átlag bérigényét
N.
e Ft/hó
Részletek
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
BI
POWER BI
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
BI
POWER
BI
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
About us
Our partner is a global company dedicated to continuous business improvement through digital solutions. They are committed to ongoing growth and now looking for a Junior Power BI Specialist to assist in their digital transformation and data-driven decision-making using Power Platform and Power BI tools.
Tasks
Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to identify digital solutions by analyzing processes and evaluating the feasibility of automation or reporting.
Extract, summarize, and clean raw data to create valuable reports.
Develop, test, and maintain Power BI dashboards and visualization tools.
Provide support and ongoing operational assistance for productionized reports and dashboards.
Develop automation and low-code applications using the Power Platform (canvas apps, Power Automate).
What we offer
Comprehensive benefits package (cafeteria, bonuses, health and life insurance).
Hybrid working model.
Easily accessible, modern office with parking opportunity.
Professional development and training programs to support your growth.
Microsoft Power Automate, Business Intelligence, Microsoft Power BI, Microsoft Power Apps, PowerPivot, Low-Code Development, RPA, Low-code, No-code
Requirements
1-2 years of experience with Power BI and Power Platform.
Bachelor’s degree, preferably in business informatics or a related field.
Proficient in English.
Strong analytical skills and problem-solving ability.
How to apply
If you are interested in this opportunity, please send your CV in English with the name of the position via ”JELENTKEZEM” button underneath!
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése