Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PYTHON
C++
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
PYTHON
C++
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
We are seeking passionate and talented students who want to shape next-generation products at ZEISS. Integrated in a team of scientists and research engineers, you will work (for at least 4 months) on research projects in 3D computer vision for next-generation metrology systems. These projects range from object classification, transfer learning, synthetic data pipelines and dimensional accuracy measurement
What We Offer
An opportunity to build the foundation for next-generation products
The possibility to learn and implement cutting edge 3D computer vision methods
Mentorship by experienced PhD-level experts
The option to write a master thesis following an internship or working student position
The possibility of continued employment as a working student for up to 2 years
A modern working environment enabling hybrid work by offering remote workdays
An opportunity to join a quickly growing company with many career options
Requirements
You are interested in technology and motivated to work on challenging tasks
You are enrolled in a bachelor's or master's degree in Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering or similar
You have a strong computer science background with very good coding skills in Python and C++
You also have some experiences in at least one of the topics listed above
You are willing to collaborate and work in complementary teams
Good communication skills in English and/or German
You are willing to learn and explore with a high degree of initiative and creativity
Sounds exciting? Then become part of #teamZEISS and help us shape the future! Please provide your complete application documents (CV, transcript of records, etc.).
Company info
As a student, you work with your colleagues on an equal footing and create ideal conditions for your future career. Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people. In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together. Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow. Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity. Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése