Cég neve
NTT Global Data Centers EMEA GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Act as the primary technical resource for Retail and Enterprise sales opportunities.
Design standardized colocation solutions aligned to our product offering.
Lead technical discussions, workshops, and site tours.
Support RFP/RFI responses, input to generate quotes, proposals and solution documentation.
Collaborate with Sales, Product, Operations, Delivery and Marketing teams.
Owner of client requirements capture and the proposed technical solution in the Solutioning process.
Engage and often lead Solutions discussions with prospects, clients and partners (either in person or via conference calls) with Sales colleagues when a technical resource is needed.
Maintain positive client relations throughout the Solutions process to earn clients' current and future business and trust.
Serve as a technical liaison between clients and the product and operations team to ensure supportable solutions and designs.
Hosts tours of the NTT GDC data centers.
Supports the Bid Management and Client Content Management teams to ensure technical RFx are supported as necessary.
Product knowledge – knowing and explaining product features/benefits and competitive position, understanding customer's business operations and needs, understanding, and responding to the competition, gathering and applying market knowledge
Requirements
BS degree in Electrical, Mechanical, Computer Engineering or equivalent education and/or work experience in computer-related field
Multiple years of Solution Engineering experience (or equivalent) in the Data Center or Colocation industry with an in-depth understanding of the Sales process.
Must be comfortable speaking with clients, possess a keen listening ability, and be a solid presenter.
Expert level understanding of modern data centers.
Proficient with software applications such as MS Office suite (Word, Excel etc.), Salesforce, AutoCAD, Bluebeam, CFD Modeling (would be desirable) and AI tools.
Able to work effectively in a cross-functional, multi-site team environment.
Must be able to manage a fast-paced environment effectively.
Must be an excellent problem solver and creative thinker.
Must be able to multitask and prioritize multiple opportunities.
Working knowledge in developing a bill of materials and scope of work to meet large customer infrastructure deployment requirements.
Maintain familiarity with competitive offerings to effectively position products and solutions in a competitive environment.
Extensive knowledge base in the Mission Critical Data Centers and Facilities Marketplace.
What we offer
An agile company culture with short decision-making paths and plenty of opportunities to show personal initiative.
Flexible working time models and mobile working (depending on your role).
Allowance for the use of public transport and job bikes.
Allowance for the use of health and wellness.
Individual training and development opportunities.
Numerous other additional benefits, such as birthday vouchers, employee advisory programs, employee referral schemes, lunch allowances, company events, etc.
Company info
Join NTT Global Data Centers and be part of a team that drives innovation and sustainability in the digital world. With over 150 data centers across more than 20 countries globally, we offer unparalleled opportunities to work on cutting-edge technology and transformative projects. Experience a collaborative, innovative, and inclusive workplace where your ideas are valued and your growth is supported.
Your role at a glance
The Solutions Engineer for EMEA will work closely with the Sales, Product and Marketing teams as a key role in the Sales process to be the data center subject-matter expert, owner of the technical requirements, and responsible for developing solutions required to win the deal. The candidate is a client-facing technical professional who partners closely with Enterprise/Retail Sales and Bid Management teams to design, propose, and support colocation solutions for retail and enterprise clients in EMEA.
This individual is an integral part of the Sales process. This position provides pre-Sales technical support to the Global NTT GDC Sales team in EMEA. They will help prospective clients and partners understand our building systems, explaining the technical features and serving as the subject matter experts on all data center products, services, and solutions to help the Sales team close business deals. The Solutions Engineer will be responsible for capturing requirements and presenting these as a high-level solution for quote generation and where necessary supporting client meetings and tours of the NTT GDC facilities in EMEA. This position requires a self-starter, Solutions-focused, and a personable team player able to build cooperative relationships with individuals.
Who we are
As the third-largest data center provider, we operate over 150 data centers in more than 20 countries and regions. We understand that every business – large and small – has its own unique needs and goals. We offer local-to-global data center expertise, aligned with our connected platform of AI-ready data centers, to create solutions that enable our clients to seamlessly scale their digital businesses, anywhere and anytime.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Sales,
Trade
IT
Sales Representative
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése