Cég neve
ARM Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
GIT
DOCKER
TESTING
LINUX
PYTHON
HARDWARE
CI
TEST MANAGEMENT
Biztosított eszközök
Linux
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
Nem kell tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
GIT
DOCKER
TESTING
LINUX
PYTHON
HARDWARE
CI
TEST
MANAGEMENT
Linux
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
Nem
kell tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Cooperate with software teams and testers to establish easy to maintain automated test pipelines.
Help develop the development cycle and environment by providing automation and CI friendly design patterns.
Drive improvement at every step of the process in a CI/CD environment, from the code implementation to the release procedure.
Facilitate the timely and effective resolution of any issues detected.
Design and build CI/CD pipelines (GitLab), integrating corporate services like source version control (Git), device farms (LAVA), artifact storage (Artifactory), containerization framework (docker) and test report dashboards.
Improve tooling and automation and provide guidance to build efficient automated workflows for development, testing and release.
Join a distributed team that leads validation efforts to enable the delivery of high-quality production software based on our open-source software stack for embedded devices.
Requirements
Good understanding of CI/CD principles, preferably in GitLab CI.
Proficient in Linux usage, basic system administration and networking.
Well established experience in shell and Python scripting.
Familiar with software integration, system validation tests and automated testing frameworks.
Proficient user of version control, test management and issue tracking tools.
Nice-to-have
Experience in integrating hardware or simulator into the pipeline., Proficient in working with software build-systems used in embedded, like Yocto and CMake., Experience at the HW/SW interaction layer, with embedded systems, boot loaders, Linux kernel or device drivers., Curious about open-source development practices.
What we offer
Join us and make a real impact on the quality of Arm's software!
Grow, develop new skills, and build a successful career at a leading technology company.
Arm’s approach to hybrid working designed to support both high performance and personal wellbeing.
Empowerment to determine own hybrid working patterns depending on team needs.
Equal opportunity employer committed to mutual respect and diversity.
Health and Wellness benefits to nurture physical and mental wellbeing.
Work and Life Success benefits to empower life beyond standard work patterns.
Financial Rewards beyond competitive salary.
Development and Support fostering professional and personal development.
Company info
Arm has built the world’s most pervasive compute architecture, and we’ve led many of the technology revolutions that impact the day-to-day lives of people everywhere. We work on technology to transform the future of AI and IoT devices.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése