Cég neve
N26 GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY.
FRONTEND
REACT
BACKEND
NODE.JS
API
DEVOPS
POSTGRESQL
KOTLIN
SPRING
PYTHON
ACCESS
CLEAN CODE
REST
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY.
FRONTEND
REACT
BACKEND
NODE.JS
API
DEVOPS
POSTGRESQL
KOTLIN
SPRING
PYTHON
ACCESS
CLEAN
CODE
REST
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
In this role, you'll work with a modern stack, participating in all phases of the software lifecycle - from architectural design to deployment and optimization while contributing to the growth of your team. This is the perfect spot for an engineer who balances deep technical knowledge with a knack for solving complex, multi-layered problems.
Architect & Build: Design, develop, and maintain high-availability, high-performance web applications that serve as the backbone of our internal operations.
Integrate AI: Implement new features and integrations with AI models and automation systems to empower our back-office teams.
Collaborate: Work closely with cross-functional stakeholders to define and optimize the internal tooling ecosystem.
Scale: Optimize, measure and monitor distributed systems to ensure seamless, continuous software delivery.
Mentor & Document: Promote engineering excellence through code reviews, technical documentation, and knowledge sharing in multiple ways.
Requirements
Engineering Mindset & Design
Design Patterns: A firm grasp of object-oriented programming, distributed systems principles and methodologies like DDD using architecture design patterns like Hexagonal, Event-Driven and Microservices.
Quality First: A strong track record of using engineering best practices, including Clean Code, TDD/BDD, and deep observability.
AI-Augmented Development: Proven experience in critically using AI coding agents (e.g., Claude Code, Gemini Code, GitHub Copilot) to accelerate delivery without compromising code integrity or security.
Technical Stack
Modern Frontend: Advanced experience with React and TypeScript for building complex, responsive web applications.
Backend & Tooling: Good understanding of Node.js and experience in using it for developing web services, internal libraries (npm packages), and CLI applications.
API Design: Solid experience designing and implementing robust REST APIs.
Data & DevOps: Professional experience with PostgreSQL (performance and scalability) and a 'DevOps mindset' regarding CI/CD pipelines.
Bonus Points: Knowledge of Kotlin/Spring Boot, Python, or Generative AI frameworks (Langchain, RAG pipelines) is a significant plus.
Soft Skills
Bias for Action: A 'can-do' attitude with a focus on product understanding to ensure delivery and continuous improvement.
Collaborative Spirit: A strong team player who values knowledge sharing and is always willing to help others grow.
Communication: Clear written and verbal communication skills, essential for a cross-functional platform environment.
What we offer
What's in it for you:
Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe's most talked about disruptors.
Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness & wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.
Come together with your team in the office for a dedicated day of teamwork each week, plus another day of your choice, and enjoy the flexibility of remote work the rest of the time. Some roles may require additional in-office presence.
As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.
Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.
A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and backgrounds.
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.
Equal Opportunities:
We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.
We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to
Company info
About the Opportunity
We are looking for a Senior Fullstack Engineer to join our Platform teams (Ops Core and Dash platform). These cross-functional teams power the entire operations at N26 by enabling other tech teams through a robust platform approach.
Who we are
N26 has reimagined banking for today's digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it's how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.
We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.
We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése