Cég neve
Bosch Gruppe
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PYTHON
DOCKER
CLOUD
MACHINE LEARNING
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
PYTHON
DOCKER
CLOUD
MACHINE
LEARNING
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a Research Engineer, you will develop cutting-edge Vision-Language-Action (VLA) architectures that empower AI agents to interpret human instructions and act autonomously in complex environments.
Furthermore, you will connect multimodal representation learning with long-term control and planning to create agents that go beyond reactive capabilities and exhibit cognitive intelligence.
You will contribute to fundamental and applied research on novel VLA models and actively drive their advancement.
Building a scalable infrastructure for experimentation, training, and deployment, including the development of training pipelines, simulation tools, and evaluation methods will be part of your task.
You will make VLA methods usable for concrete Bosch applications in practice and demonstrate their superior flexibility and generalization capabilities.
Last but not least, you will work closely with interdisciplinary teams of researchers and application experts to shape the early innovation phase and the long-term strategy for intelligent automation at Bosch.
Requirements
Education:
excellent MSc in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Robotics or related technical fields
PhD in Multimodal AI, Robotics, Reinforcement Learning, or Generative AI preferred
demonstrated academic excellence, with a strong publication record in leading AI and robotics conferences and journals (NeurIPS, ICLR, ICML, CVPR, CoRL, RSS, ICRA, ACL, EMNLP, etc.)
Experience and Knowledge:
Industrial SW development experience:
Demonstrated industry-relevant practical AI experience, e.g. by code contributions in industrial AI applications, in large scale machine learning projects, or participation in large-scale AI benchmarks and contests
Multiple years of experience in developing and deploying machine learning solutions in distributed SW development teams
Demonstrated capability to go beyond research prototypes and integrate cutting-edge AI methods into practically relevant and usable SW solutions
Multimodal AI & Vision-Language Models:
Proficiency in designing and training vision-language models (VLMs) and language-multimodal models (LMMs) (e.g., Flamingo, GPT-4V, PaLM-E, RT-2)
Hands-on experience with visual grounding, cross-modal attention, and instruction-following architectures
Familiarity with benchmarks such as ALFRED, Ego4D, VLN, or datasets involving perception and action
Control, Reinforcement Learning & Planning:
Strong experience in reinforcement learning, imitation learning, or model-based control for agents operating in real or simulated environments
Capability in designing agents for long-horizon planning, semantic task decomposition, and hierarchical control
Knowledge of methods that combine perception, language, and action in task-driven settings
AI for Cyber-Physical Systems & Automation:
Demonstrated capability to integrate cutting-edge AI methods into practical applications in robotics, automated
driving, industrial automation, or building systems interest in emerging domains such as smart heating and HVAC control, where semantic AI can optimize control strategies
Focus on building robust, explainable, and semantically grounded agents for physical deployment
Infrastructure, Simulation & Tooling:
Proficient in Python and deep learning libraries such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, or JAX
Experience with simulation platforms such as Isaac Sim, CARLA, MuJoCo, or Habitat
Skilled in developing scalable pipelines using Docker, CI/CD, and multi-GPU/cloud infrastructure
Proven ability to drive research projects and turning research into practical innovation
Collaborative and interdisciplinary mindset, able to work across research and product teams at Bosch
Personality and Working Practice:
you have proven ability to drive research projects and turning research into practical innovation; collaborative and interdisciplinary mindset, you are able to work across research and product teams at Bosch
Languages:
fluent English, German is optional
What we offer
Work-life balance
: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport
: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare
: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts
: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity
: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services
: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Company info
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The
Robert Bosch GmbH
is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Renningen
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése