Cég neve
Grohe AG
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY
SAP
SQL.
SOX
JIRA
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY
SAP
SQL.
SOX
JIRA
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Your responsibilities:
J-SOX Compliance and Auditing:
Provide support and facilitation for the annual self-assessment process, adhering strictly to J-SOX guidelines.
Assist in the establishment and coordination of an international IT controls framework.
Contribute to the automation of J-SOX controls.
Offer support to the IT department in the execution of J-SOX controls.
Policy and Process Management:
Support the revision and/or publication of IT-related policies and guidelines.
Assist in process optimization, particularly through the utilization of AI tools.
Provide support for process automation initiatives.
Technology and Innovation:
Investigate, evaluate, and support the implementation of AI tools to enhance J-SOX controls and security procedures.
Utilize knowledge of JIRA automation and JIRA AI tools.
Manage JIRA tickets.
Project Support and Reporting:
Assist the J-SOX manager with various project activities, including system migrations and tool implementations.
Support IT recertification efforts.
Assist in the creation of reports.
Requirements
Your qualifications:
Education:
Currently enrolled in a university program with a specialization in Computer Science or Business Informatics, having successfully completed a minimum of three semesters.
Technical Proficiency:
Demonstrated knowledge of Google Workspace. Ideally possesses knowledge of SAP and SQL.
Language Skills:
Fluency in both English and German is mandatory.
Experience:
Previous experience in other positions, such as an intern or working student, is desirable.
Core Competencies:
Proven aptitude for problem-solving. Possesses a high degree of motivation, a willingness to embrace new challenges, strong team spirit, commitment, and integrity.
What we offer
We offer:
Attractive remuneration in accordance with the IG Metall collective agreement as well as special company payments
Flexible working time model with the possibility of mobile work
Professional onboarding for a successful start
Use of our wide-ranged employee offers (discounts travel, fashion, media, mobile phone etc.)
Diversity & Inclusion: all people have the same opportunities and are individually supported
A highly motivated, appreciative and international team that inspires you to learn from
Company info
GROHE is a leading global brand for complete bathroom solutions and kitchen fittings. Since 2014 GROHE has been part of the strong brand portfolio of LIXIL, a manufacturer of pioneering water and housing products. In order to offer “Pure Freude an Wasser”, every product is based on the brand values of quality, technology, design and sustainability. The brand offers life-enhancing product solutions as well as services with its dedicated portfolios GROHE QuickFix, GROHE Professional and its premium sub-brand GROHE SPA. All cater to the specific needs of GROHE's professional business partners and their differentiated target groups. With water at the core of its business, the brand contributes to LIXIL's Impact Strategy with a resource-saving value chain: from CO2-neutral* production, the removal of unnecessary plastic in the product packaging, all the way to water- and energy-saving product technologies such as GROHE Everstream, a water-recirculating shower. Thanks to the hybrid communication ecosystem GROHE X, the brand provides further impulses for the industry. Whether digitally on the brand experience hub, physically or hybrid in the GROHE X Brand & Communication Experience Center in Hemer, Germany or on the road with the GROHE X Motion Trucks, the brand connects people to contribute to LIXIL's purpose to “make better homes a reality for everyone, everywhere”. *includes CO2 compensation projects, more on grohe-x.com/sustainabilityAs a working student, you will support our Impact Team, with a focus on CSRD/EcoVadis reporting, on sustainability related projects and the running of our internal European Impact Council.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Security
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése