Cég neve
Mollie B.V.
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Your opportunity
You will enable the design for products in our Dashboard & App. Together with Product Managers and Engineers you will explore opportunities, improve and launch new financial products to make money management effortless for our customers, helping them grow their business with ease.
What you'll be doing
Shape the Vision : Contribute to the Merchant Experience domain by defining a product design strategy and bringing it to life. Transition seamlessly from research to strategy to interaction and visual design.
Innovate: Take ideas from concept to reality alongside Product Managers, Engineers, and fellow designers.
Experiment and Iterate: Identify assumptions, design experiments to validate them, and iterate based on data-driven insights.
Drive Change: Be an entrepreneurial force and a role model who challenges the status quo at Mollie.
What Success Looks Like
Effortless Money Management: Design intuitive and elegant solutions that make financial management simple for SMEs.
Elevate Design Quality: Enhance our design system to improve both the quality and speed of delivery.
Visionary Impact: Make our future tangible, creating designs that everyone can believe in.
Requirements
We don't measure potential by the number of years on your resume; we measure it by the impact you can make. Your application is your pitch—tell us how your expertise and drive make you the perfect fit, and we'll show you how Mollie can elevate your career. Having said that, there are few dimensions we consider relevant and we will discuss during the process
Strategic Mindset:
You simplify complex problems into elegant solutions, using prototypes, customer insights, and a strong design vision to guide your decisions.
Interaction and Visual Design
Confident in tackling complex interaction challenges, with a keen eye for visual details that distinguish great design from good design.
Prototyping & Validation
You know how to do user research and collaborate with researchers. You prototype to iterate and validate quickly.
Communication & Collaboration
You understand that great design doesn't happen in a vacuum. You involve your stakeholders early and often, using storytelling to bring your vision to life.
Ownership
You take initiative, advocate for your ideas, and manage your work effectively, always pushing for the best outcomes.
Company info
At Mollie, we're on a mission to make payments and money management effortless for every business in Europe.We started 20 years ago when we launched a more direct, affordable way for companies to get paid. That provided an alternative to the frustrating, overpriced solutions that banks offered at the time.
Today, we serve more than 250,000 businesses across Europe with an all-in-one solution that simplifies payments and money management. And we're a 850-strong team of product, finance, support, commerce, and engineering specialists working across Europe – from Lisbon to London
Our team is driven by a passion for crafting products that our customers love. We combine a strong maker culture with cross-functional teams and fast-paced product cycles to bring ideas to life quickly. If you're someone who enjoys pushing boundaries and making a real impact, this is your opportunity.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése