Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
SECURITY
ABAP
CLOUD
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
JIRA
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
SECURITY
ABAP
CLOUD
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
JIRA
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
The Corporate Information Technology (CIT) is the central part of the company's strategy, developing and implementing innovative security solutions to enhance efficiency and competitiveness in the Carl Zeiss Group. By working closely with various business units, CIT ensures that technological advancements and digital transformations are seamlessly integrated into business processes.
Your Role
As a
Senior Lead Developer
, you will take technical ownership for development topics within a dedicated workstream and ensure that technical solutions align with business processes and overall project objectives.
Your responsibilities include:
Managing and coordinating
RICEFW development objects
within a specific workstream
Ensuring alignment between technical development and
end-to-end business processes
Designing and implementing
technical solutions for business requirements
, with a strong focus on
SAP Clean Core principles
Reviewing
functional specifications
and providing technical feedback to the workstream
Performing
peer reviews of code, documentation, and other technical deliverables
Collaborating closely with the
global internal development team and the lead developer community
Supporting a collaborative and high-quality development environment through
strong teamwork and knowledge sharing
Using project management tools such as
Jira
to manage epics, user stories, and development tasks according to project standards
In this role, you act as a
technical expert and key contributor to the overall development strategy
, ensuring high-quality implementations and sustainable SAP architecture.
Requirements
Several years of experience in
SAP development
, ideally in an
S/4HANA environment
Strong understanding of the
SAP Clean Core concept
and related technologies such as
RAP (RESTful ABAP Programming Model)
and
CAP (Cloud Application Programming Model)
In-depth knowledge of
(B)APIs and CDS views
Experience in
at least two technology layers of the RICEFW model
is a strong advantage
Familiarity with modern SAP extension concepts, including
In-App extensions, Side-by-Side extensions, and development on SAP Business Technology Platform (BTP)
Experience working in
global development setups with onsite/offshore collaboration
Ability to
technically guide and coordinate a team of approximately 5–10 developers
Fluent German and English skills
Company info
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése