Cég neve
MEAG MUNICH ERGO AssetManagement GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Development, structuring, and documentation of (Gen)AI use cases with relevance for
organization-wide business processes with Data Scientists and Product Owners
Contribution to organization-wide (Gen)AI initiatives and communication supporting the
sustainable adoption of AI solutions (incl. AI governance)
Preparation of presentations, analyses, and decision documents for business and management stakeholders
Participation in the planning and execution of (Gen)AI workshops, use case ideation sessions, and internal exchange formats
Performance of analytical, conceptual, and coordination tasks within the (Gen)AI Transformation Office
Requirements
Enrolled student (Bachelor's or Master's) in Business Administration, Economics, Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering, or a comparable field with a technical or analytical focus
Strong interest in (Gen)AI, digital transformation, and the application of AI technologies in a business context
Solid understanding of data, AI concepts, or technical systems, with the ability to discuss
technical topics at a conceptual level
Structured and analytical way of working, with the ability to understand, organize, and further develop complex topics
Ability to prepare clear, concise, and decision-oriented materials for different stakeholder groups
Very good English skills (written and spoken); German skills are a plus
What we offer
Flexibility:
coordinating your weekly working hours and your place of work, or on‑site presence, with your team – and thereby having the opportunity to balance studies, work, and leisure.
Development:
A steep learning curve with practical content and an excellent onboarding experience.
Other:
Excellent public transport connections, exciting events, free daily lunch in our cafeteria, complimentary hot beverages and water, underground parking with e-charging infrastructure, and much more!
*This list is based on company agreements that may vary at different locations and are subject to change at any time. The list is for information purposes only. We accept no liability for its content.
MEAG stands not only for collaborative partnerships with our clients, but also for equitable treatment of applicants and employees, regardless of gender. If we use masculine pronouns here, then purely for ease of legibility. Seriously disabled applicants will be given preferential consideration over other applicants if otherwise similarly suitable for the position.
Company info
MEAG is part of Munich Re Group and one of the world's foremost asset managers. To support our team
(Gen)AI Transformation Management
, we are looking for a
working student
(m|f|d) at our
Munich location
as soon as possible, where your
on‑site presence
will be required.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése