Cég neve
azeti GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ADOBE XD
HTML
CSS
JAVASCRIPT
AGILE
SCRUM
KANBAN
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ADOBE
XD
HTML
CSS
JAVASCRIPT
AGILE
SCRUM
KANBAN
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
In your role as UX Designer, you will work closely with key users to understand their requirements and needs and translate them into intuitive solutions.
You will lead the end-to-end UX design, from discovery through delivery. Conduct research activities, including interviews and analysis, to gain insights into complex industrial processes. Based on these findings, you will map and optimize user journeys into interaction concepts and processes. You will also support the further development of the design system and the documentation of research results. You will work closely with product owners, project managers, customers and developers to ensure the smooth implementation of the UX strategy.
Requirements
Several years of experience (at least 5-7 years) in UX/UI design, ideally in digital products, platforms or SaaS.
Confident handling of design tools (Figma, Sketch or Adobe XD).
Profound knowledge in conducting user interviews, tests and analyses to optimise the user experience.
Analytical and creative thinking to make data-based design decisions.
Strong communication skills: You can communicate your design decisions in a convincing and understandable way.
Team player, with the ability to collaborate with developers, product managers and.
Experience in the development and application of design systems.
You inspire UX designers through constructive feedback and mentoring.
Good understanding of product development in agile teams (Scrum/Kanban).
Basic knowledge of front-end technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript an advantage, but not a must).
You have a very good command of German and are fluent in English. Internal communication at azeti is in English, although user interviews are usually conducted in German.
Feel free to apply, even if you don't meet all the requirements!
Company info
Software development is our DNA. With our international team, we build industrial software for Aurubis AG that creates real impact. Startup spirit meets the security of an established company.
What You Can Expect
Real responsibility from day one in an international team with flat hierarchies.
State-of-the-art tech stack for sustainable software you can be proud of.
AI tools aren't just a gimmick. They're your daily productivity boost.
Flexible working hours and location: Home office, Berlin coworking space, or occasional workation.
Career development tailored to your goals with individual growth opportunities.
€2,500 annual education budget for your professional development.
Urban Sports Club M membership, monthly meal allowance (up to €115.05), public transport subsidy (Berlin only).
Diversity Is Our Strength
At azeti, people from over 15 countries work together. This diversity isn't by chance—it's our conviction: different perspectives and backgrounds make us better. Everyone has equal opportunities with us, regardless of gender, age, origin, religion, or identity. We explicitly encourage qualified individuals with disabilities to become part of our team. We don't need a photo for your application.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
UI-,
UX designer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése