Cég neve
Bosch Gruppe
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PYTHON
C++
MACHINE LEARNING
CONFLUENCE
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
PYTHON
C++
MACHINE
LEARNING
CONFLUENCE
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
At Bosch, we are at the forefront of innovation, shaping the future of intelligent systems that are efficient, safe, and enhance lives globally. We are seeking a visionary research engineer to join our dynamic team, focusing on the powerful intersection of reinforcement learning (RL) and agentic AI. Your groundbreaking work will directly impact critical Bosch domains, including automated driving, smart home systems and energy management, advanced and flexible manufacturing. As a key contributor, you will redefine the state-of-the-art in AI capabilities, driving foundational research and building core systems that directly shape Bosch's product portfolio. Join us in transforming complex challenges into real-world impact.
As a research engineer, you will be at the forefront of pioneering system design, with the responsibility to architect, develop, and deploy sophisticated AI systems that seamlessly integrate reinforcement learning with agentic AI systems and multi-modal foundation models.
In your role, you will involve training and fine-tuning multi-modal large models to precisely align their behaviors with Bosch product requirements and use cases.
You will be expected to advance AI paradigms by enhancing existing machine learning systems, integrating cutting-edge data-driven, generative approaches with robust, safe, and scalable reinforcement learning algorithms.
A significant part of your work will be to conduct original research, leading high-impact projects to solve challenging scientific and applied problems at the confluence of RL and agentic AI, making a real impact on Bosch products.
Strategic collaboration is key, and you will partner closely with internal customers and product teams to deeply understand requirements, conceptualize innovative solutions, and deliver high-quality Minimum Viable Products (MVPs).
Furthermore, you will have the opportunity to disseminate knowledge by publishing and presenting groundbreaking research findings in premier academic venues and actively contributing to the broader scientific community.
Requirements
Education:
excellent PhD in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning or a related field, with a strong publication record in leading conferences or journals (e.g., NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, CVPR, ACL)
Experience and Expertise:
comprehensive practical experience and theoretical understanding in Deep Reinforcement Learning (RL) and behavioral learning, ideally with expertise in emerging behaviors with RL, Safe RL, Offline RL, and/or Multi-agent RL
proven track record with Agentic AI, Large Language Models (LLMs), Visual Language Models (VLMs), Visual Language Action Models (VLAs) including practical experience with advanced fine-tuning methods such as Supervised Fine-Tuning, DPO, and RLHF
excellent knowledge of Python and profound knowledge of industry-standard Machine Learning frameworks and libraries (e.g., PyTorch, Hugging Face, JAX, TensorFlow); good knowledge of C++ and related frameworks (e.g., ROS 2)
experience in software development in larger teams and the deployment of ML-based systems for real-world solutions, especially background knowledge in MLOps and CI/CD is welcome
Personality and Working Style:
you are able to approach complex challenges methodically and solution-oriented manner, always demonstrating high-quality standards and a strong sense of responsibility; you enjoy working in a collaborative environment and actively participate in fast-paced research and development processes; you understand AI business models and drive solutions beyond prototype status to full implementation in cooperation with business units
Enthusiasm:
you are enthusiastic about solving complex technical challenges and developing novel, impactful solutions in interdisciplinary teams; you are also fascinated by the synergistic potential between Reinforcement Learning and generative AI
Languages:
very good English skills written and spoken, German is a plus
What we offer
Work-Life-Balance
: Flexibles Arbeiten hinsichtlich Zeit, Ort und Arbeitsmodell.
Gesundheit und Sport
: Breites Angebot an Gesundheits- und Sportaktivitaeten.
Kinderbetreuung
: Vermittlungsservice fuer Kinderbetreuungsangebote.
Mitarbeiterrabatte
: Verguenstigungen fuer Mitarbeiter.
Freiraum fuer Kreativitaet
: Freiraeume fuer kreatives Arbeiten.
Betriebliche Sozialberatung und Pflege
: Sozialberatung und Vermittlungsservice fuer Pflegedienstleistungen.
Die zukuenftige Personalabteilung oder der Fachbereich informiert gerne ueber den individuellen Leistungskatalog.
Company info
Möchten Sie Ihre Ideen in nutzbringende und sinnvolle Technologien verwandeln? Ob im Bereich Mobility Solutions, Consumer Goods, Industrial Technology oder Energy and Building Technology - mit uns verbessern Sie die Lebensqualität der Menschen auf der ganzen Welt. Willkommen bei Bosch.
Die
Robert Bosch GmbH
freut sich auf Ihre Bewerbung!
Anstellungsart: Unbefristet
Arbeitszeit: Vollzeit
Arbeitsort: Renningen
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése