Cég neve
BMW Group
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
PYTHON
NODE.JS
JAVA
KOTLIN
API
AWS
DOCKER
SECURITY.
MACHINE LEARNING
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
PYTHON
NODE.JS
JAVA
KOTLIN
API
AWS
DOCKER
SECURITY.
MACHINE
LEARNING
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
INNOVATION IS IMAGINING WHAT NO ONE ELSE CAN.
At the BMW Group, everything starts with passion. It turns a profession into a vocation. It drives us to keep reinventing mobility and bring innovative ideas onto the roads. Enthusiasm for joint projects turns a team into a strong unit where every opinion is valued. It is only when expertise, highly professional processes and enjoyment of work unite that we can shape the future together.
Requirements
What should you bring along?
- University degree in Computer Science, Data Science, or a comparable qualification.
- At least five years of professional experience in (AI) platform engineering, AI training & inference or AI tooling.
- Track record of successfully leading and implementing large and complex technical AI solutions in cloud or edge devices.
- Experience with AI solutions on the edge or being excited to transfer your knowledge to the in-vehicle domain.
- Hands-on experience in machine learning or generative AI and proficiency in modern programming languages[GD1] [FW2] [GD3] such as Python, Node.js/Nest.js, Java/Kotlin,
or Go, as well as API technologies.
- Deep understanding of cloud architectures (mainly AWS), container orchestration (Docker, Kubernetes) and (ML)Ops of scalable cloud services.
- Very good written and spoken English skills. Knowledge of German, both written and spoken, is an advantage.
Would you like to help us drive the AI transformation at BMW? Apply now!
Find out more about Artificial Intelligence at the BMW Group here.
Note:
Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. e-mail) cannot be considered.
What we offer
What we offer?
- Challenging projects with which we are shaping the mobility of tomorrow together.
- Wide range of personal and professional development opportunities.
- Attractive, fair and performance-related remuneration.
- High level of job security.
- Annual special payments such as vacation pay, Christmas bonus, and profit sharing.
- Flexible working hours including 6 weeks annual leave and overtime compensation.
- Discounted BMW & MINI conditions.
- Many other benefits at
bmw.jobs/benefits
Start date:
from now on
Type of employment:
unlimited
Working hours:
full-time
When you apply, the next steps in the selection process include an online test followed by interviews with the hiring manager (either virtual or in person).
Stellenreferenz:
176459
Company info
Mit unseren Marken BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce und BMW Motorrad sind wir einer der weltweit führenden Premium-Hersteller von Automobilen sowie Motorrädern und darüber hinaus Anbieter von Premium-Finanz- und Mobilitätsdienstleistungen.
Am Standort
München
suchen wir Sie als
Senior AI Platform Engineer (f/m/x)
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése