Cég neve
N26 GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ACCESS
AGILE
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ACCESS
AGILE
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Engineering Leadership: You will be a key part of our Engineering Leadership team, directly contributing to and communicating our Technical Strategy, with a focus on leveraging cutting-edge AI technology.
Team Building: You will collaborate closely with fresh, enthusiastic teams of engineers, product specialists, and designers.
Direct Business Value: You will work directly with me to build solutions that deliver immediate, high-impact value to our business teams.
If this challenge excites you, I look forward to hearing from you.
In this role, you will:
Wear the Tech Lead hat on architecting new features and seeing them through to completion.
Design and test software in a thriving environment maintaining high quality standards.
Stay up to date with the latest trends in technology and you are not afraid to propose some findings during our GSDD.
Guide engineers in the team with good practices and various design patterns
Manage and develop an incredible team of talented and motivated software developers working in an agile environment
Create and foster a high performing, engaging & inclusive work environment based on transparency, accountability and trust
Collaborate with Product Manager and Software Engineers in continuous planning, dependency & risk management and constant process improvement
Help to define & execute goals (OKRs) and a sustainable tech strategy
Continuously identify and learn from our delivery on how to further improve our effectiveness
Establish a tight connection to other teams to unblock dependencies, provide visibility and transparency
Requirements
What you need to be successful:
3+ years of software development experience,
Experience building and working with agile software development teams
Problem solving skills and ability to work in a fast paced environment
Passion to utilize cutting edge technologies to provide the best customer experience possible
Motivation to manage and deliver impactful & complex projects
Motivation to improve the experience of engineers and build a career path for them
Professional proficiency in spoken & written English
Previous experience in the regulated industry is a plus but not required
Previous experience managing team is a plus but not required
Traits:
Actively help yourself (and others) be successful
Continuously learn and challenge the status quo
Think globally, act locally
Strong bias for action
Give and receive open, direct and timely feedback
What we offer
What's in it for you:
Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe's most talked about disruptors .
Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness & wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.
As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.
Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.
A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.
Equal Opportunities:
We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.
We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to
Company info
About the opportunity
Hi, I'm Milan, Director of Engineering at N26, and I'm excited to be looking for an Associate Engineering Manager to help launch our new
Business Enablement
segment. This is an exceptional opportunity, and here's why you should consider applying:
Foundational Impact: You will be one of the founding members of this crucial new segment. Our mission is to empower N26's business departments, those without technical expertise, by using modern AI technologies to develop innovative, user-friendly solutions that automate and optimize internal processes.
Who we are
N26 has reimagined banking for today's digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it's how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.
We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.
We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése