Cég neve
Hoppe Marine GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Design, program, test, and commission PLC-based control systems for the shipping industry
Creation of system and software architecture in CODESYS
Development of standardized function blocks
Interface clarification with external systems
Execution of module and integration tests
Technical documentation
Updating existing library & function blocks as well as creating new ones
Automation of some of the software building process through scripts
Requirements
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Electrical Engineering, Automation Engineering, computer science, or a related field
Experience with PLC programming (IEC 61131-3) and visualization (e.g. CODESYS, TwinCAT, Automation Studio, Simatic S7, etc.)
CODESYS library development as well as complex systems development experience is an advantage
Experience in measurement and control technology (e.g. Pump control using variable frequency drives, flow measurement and control) as well as industrial interfaces (e.g. Modbus) is an advantage
Systematic and careful way of working
Working with a team with close co-operation as well sharing the knowledge, experience and idea with other team members while working independently is very much needed
What we offer
Be part of an exciting and pioneering maritime domain that's shaping the future of smart shipping and marine technology. Embrace our “You build it, you run it” philosophy. Take full ownership of your work and see your ideas come to life.
Benefit from an unlimited contract and a modern, inspiring workplace equipped with everything you need to thrive.
Enjoy flexible working hours and the possibility of working remotely at least 2 days a week.
Receive a comprehensive onboarding program and tailored training opportunities to support your professional development.
Take advantage of a wide range of employee perks, including regular team events, a monthly Urban Sports Club membership allowance, German language course, company bike leasing, subsidized public transport tickets, mindfulness and meditation programs, and so much more!
Company info
What is special about Hoppe is the diversity of the people who work here in a large team to meet the requirements of our customers. Colleagues from more than 20 nations, from young to old, experienced and motivated ensure our reputation and success alongside our maritime solutions.
We offer rich and diverse career opportunities and are committed to helping you achieve your professional goals.
As an independent family-owned company, we are known as a reliable partner to shipyards, ship owners, ship operators and other customers. We combine decades of engineering and onboard expertise with the continuous innovation of technologies and see ourselves as an important partner in the digitalization of the maritime world.
Visit us at
to learn more about our company and products.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Engineer
Mechatronics
Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése