Cég neve
UniCredit International Bank (Luxembourg) SA
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német középfok és
Francia középfok és
Olasz felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
felsőfok és Német középfok és Francia középfok és Olasz felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
UniCredit International Bank (Luxembourg) S.A. offers a position as CORE Banking Specialist / Business Analyst (f/m/d) on a permanent contract, reporting to ICT Department Head, to start as soon as possible.
Core responsibilities:
Define business requirements and work effectively with stakeholders;
Respond to IT support tickets;
Build internal and external relationships effectively;
Provide business analysis, outlining problems, opportunities and solutions for the business;
Design new features to implement and analyse the impacts on IT systems;
Evaluate effort in man days and cost required for the implementation;
Plan and lead the implementation with developers and/or software providers;
Perform functional testing;
Suggest improvements to digital security, privacy, and operations
Requirements
Experience of at least 6-7 years within the banking industry is mandatory;
Act and communicate effectively, with appropriate professional judgment and tact;
Understand and ensure coherence to standard IT processes (incident management, change management, etc…);
Thrive in a fast-paced environment with multiple priorities and deadlines;
Ability to see the big picture and act proactively with a solution-focused mindset;
Service-oriented and well-organized team player;
Willing to go for new challenges;
Ability and appetite to work in an international and inter-cultural environment;
Fluency in English is mandatory, Italian/French/German would be considered as an asset;
Technical skills:
Strong expertise on
Olympic core banking system
is mandatory;
iSeries experience on CMDs, CLs and other functionalities is mandatory;
Understand and build complex SQL scripts is mandatory;
Olympic MME, RPG, COBOL experience on iSeries would be considered as an asset.
The ideal candidate is a qualified, committed, passionate, forward thinking, and team player professional.
The job is located in Luxembourg city with a possibility of flexible remote working schedule.
Company info
UniCredit International Bank (Luxembourg) S.A. is part of UniCredit Group, one of the leading European banking groups, headquartered in Italy and present in many European countries. Being part of Wealth Management Division, UniCredit International Bank (Luxembourg) S.A. is an international hub for the Global Family Office activities of UniCredit Group.
UniCredit International Bank (Luxembourg) S.A. provides the local expertise that is a hallmark of our Group, while serving as our hub for internationally oriented ultra-high-net-worth clients and as a provider of state-of-the-art solutions for corporate customers of
UniCredit Group
.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Bank,
Insurance, Brokering
Bank,
Insurance Agent
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése