Cég neve
AiCuris Anti-infective Cures AG
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CRM
ERP
DYNAMICS
SECURITY
AZURE
CLOUD
API
BI
SQL
DATABASE
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
GDPR
POWER BI
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CRM
ERP
DYNAMICS
SECURITY
AZURE
CLOUD
API
BI
SQL
DATABASE
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
GDPR
POWER
BI
Angol
felsőfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As an IT Systems & Solutions Architect for Commercial and Finance, you are the architect of our business efficiency. Your mission is to design and evolve a high-performance digital backbone that powers our General & Administrative (G&A) and Commercial functions. You don't just implement software; you architect the end-to-end flow of corporate data across Commercial, Finance, Legal, and HR systems, ensuring that our business operations are as innovative and scalable as our science.
Responsibilities
Strategic Blueprinting:
Design and maintain the corporate IT enterprise architecture, ensuring seamless connectivity between Commercial and G&A systems and the broader company infrastructure.
Business Application Architecture:
Lead the end-to-end implementation and optimization of core business solutions, specifically focusing on CRM and ERP (e.g. Dynamics 365, Veeva CRM, M-Files).
Vendor & Project Management:
Manage relationships with external implementation partners and software vendors, ensuring on-time delivery and cost-effective management of our G&A tech stack.
Process Automation & Integration:
Architect automated workflows that bridge departmental silos—ensuring data consistency between Commercial Systems, Contract Management, Finance and beyond.
Technical Leadership:
Act as a strategic partner to Finance, Legal, Commercial and HR stakeholders, translating business requirements into scalable technical designs.
Security & Data Governance:
Design frameworks to protect corporate data and ensure compliance with GDPR and local financial regulatory requirements. IT Control Owner for Financial Reporting.
Requirements
Education:
University degree in Business Informatics, Computer Science, or a related field; certifications like TOGAF or Microsoft Certified: Dynamics 365 Solutions Architect, Veeva Vault Platform Certification are a plus.
Project & Vendor Management:
Demonstrated ability to lead complex software rollouts and manage external Managed Service Providers (MSPs).
Architect Mindset:
Proven track record in designing and implementing integrated business system landscapes (CRM, ERP, DMS) with a focus on automation and scalability.
System Expertise:
Hands-on experience with the Veeva Vault CRM, Microsoft Dynamics 365 ecosystem and modern Document Management Systems.
Holistic Tech Skills:
Deep understanding of Azure cloud services, API management, Power Platform (Power BI/Power Automate), and SQL database design.
Soft Skills:
Strong analytical thinking and the ability to negotiate with and influence senior business leaders.
Languages:
Fluent in English (required); German is preferred
What we offer
Unique corporate culture: Scientific excellence, a collaborative working environment and the passion to improve the lives of patients defines our work. With us, you can work together with innovation awarded experts with the proven ability to translate science into commercial success. You can expect diversity, inspiration as well as trustful collaboration.
Development: We encourage people to grow and strongly support individual development and learning opportunities.
Flexibility: Embracing flexible working ccommodations, we enable our people to integrate business into their personal life.
Benefits: Employer-funded pension comes along with an attractive benefits package
Company info
AiCuris is meeting the needs of the growing population of immunocompromised people who require precise therapies to effectively treat infection. Our flagship product, PREVYMIS, marketed by our partner MSD, treats CMV in a defined group of transplant recipients. Our pivotal phase 3 candidate Pritelivir aims to address recurrent and resistant HSV infections in a broad population of patients with weakened immune systems. For immunocompromised people, an otherwise manageable infection can mean life or death. AiCuris, with its expertise and growing pipeline, is committed to providing therapeutic solutions for them now and in the future.
We believe in a culture of trust and transparency, where feedback is considered an opportunity to contribute to each other's personal and professional growth. We hire people who are collaborative, adaptable, communicate well, and love to learn.
*AiCuris is an employer that supports equal opportunities, diversity and inclusion. We welcome applications from people regardless of their national origin, skin color, religion, gender, age, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or other legally protected characteristics.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése