Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
API
SAP
@SAP.
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
API
SAP
@SAP.
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What you'll do:
The Role:
As a senior/expert platform engineer, you will:
Act as a technical multiplier for the Infrastructure-as-Data paradigm shift, contributing directly to evolving the platform's core capabilities and enriching the Kubernetes API of the Cloud Orchestrator Platform.
Develop and maintain Kubernetes operators and IaD providers (e.g., Crossplane) to enable declarative infrastructure management.
Design and engineer the robust, automated bootstrapping control plane to ensure secure, compliant, and efficient software lifecycle management, particularly in the context of sovereign cloud and EU AI Cloud enforcement.
Improve code quality, enhance observability and operability of the overall system, and actively seek opportunities for cost efficiency across the platform services.
Actively engage with and contribute to the internal community and external cloud-native ecosystem, ensuring the platform's success and providing technical support to internal stakeholders relying on the platform.
During the application and selection process, candidates will be informed which manager they will be working with upon hiring. We look forward to your application!
Requirements
Strong problem-solving and analytical capabilities, with a collaborative, proactive mindset and a commitment to continuous improvement.
Experience in community engagement and open-source contributions
A distinguished university degree in Computer Science or a closely related field; or equivalent work experience.
Excellent hands-one programming skills with 3+ years of experience in full-time software development roles and a strong focus on writing clean, maintainable code in Go.
Proficiency in Kubernetes extension concepts, including the operator pattern, CRDs, and extension API Servers
Solid understanding of container technologies, Kubernetes, and the broader cloud-native ecosystem, with familiarity with the CNCF landscape
High proficiency in English, both written and spoken. German language skill is beneficial.
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
We are a team of builders, innovators, and collaborators. Our culture is rooted in openness and trust. We believe the best ideas come from diverse perspectives, and we create space for every voice to be heard.
We thrive on curiosity and continuous learning. This is a place where you can make an impact that matters. Your work will influence not only SAP but also Europe's digital future. We support each other, push boundaries together, and never stop exploring what's next.
We are extremely proud of what we have built for our users and the open-source community, and we would like you to be part of this journey. We're not just another project; we are the backbone of SAP's cloud-native infrastructure and a leading open-source solution trusted across industries.
#SAPEUAICloudCareers, #SAPORACareers
We win with inclusion
SAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, et al), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or disability, in compliance with applicable federal, state, and local legal requirements.
Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor.
Compensation Range Transparency
SAP believes pay transparency is essential for cultivating an honest, supportive, and inclusive culture, representing a significant step in our commitment to leading the way in achieving pay equity. SAP provides the annualized compensation range, which includes both base salary and variable incentive targets for the career level of the posted role. The target range for this position is [[customSalaryListing]] [EUR]. The actual amount offered to successful candidates will fall within this range and will depend on factors such as education, skills, experience, and role scope, as determined during the selection process. Any SAP variable incentive includes a target amount, with the actual payout depending on both company and individual performance. Please reference this link for a summary of SAP benefits and eligibility requirements on SAP's Benefits and Rewards site.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 445652 | Work Area: Software-Design und Entwicklung | Expected Travel: 0 - 10% | Career Status: Berufserfahren | Employment Type: Part-Time, or Vollzeit, unbefristet | Additional Locations: Berlin, or Walldorf
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
Summary:
We're not just offering a job - we're inviting you to shape the future of cloud-native infrastructure management through Cloud Orchestrator. By donating our projects into the neutral NeoNephos foundation, we've committed to open governance, shared ownership, and a durable ecosystem. Make your mark, invite others, build what's next together, and grow with us #SAPEUAICloudCareers.
The Cloud-Native Lifecycle Management team is advancing enterprise delivery by applying cloud-native principles to the full software lifecycle. With Cloud Orchestrator as the core platform, we standardize how cloud infrastructure is managed and automated – across all cloud providers. Our work powers SAP's Infrastructure-as-Data movement and underpins the Cloud Orchestrator Platform used by development teams across SAP.
We're building ApeiroRA, an open-source reference architecture that strengthens Europe's digital sovereignty. This initiative is part of a broader movement to ensure security, sustainability, and compliance for cloud-to-edge computing. By joining us, you'll contribute to a project that's not just technical, it's strategic for Europe's future.
Meet the team:
Bring out your best
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
Network
and System Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése