Cég neve
BlackRock Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PYTHON
PANDAS
APACHE
AZURE
DEVOPS
GIT
ACCESS
MACHINE LEARNING
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
5-10 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
PYTHON
PANDAS
APACHE
AZURE
DEVOPS
GIT
ACCESS
MACHINE
LEARNING
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
5-10
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Spearhead the development of the financial engineering platform.
Maintain Python libraries for financial risk models.
Advise users on Model SDLC and Aladdin Engineering SDLC.
Design, implement and maintain the platform.
Lead platform development supporting financial engineers and researchers.
Facilitate technical design and code review sessions.
Build widely used and reliable fundamental components as Python libraries.
Improve user experience for modellers and developers.
Stay abreast of developments in machine learning, quantitative finance, and technology.
Work with modellers to understand business requirements and optimize risk model code.
Enhance performance of existing models for efficiency at scale.
Implement and maintain standard data/technology deployment workflows.
Ensure operational readiness and meet incident SLA commitments.
Requirements
Strong experience (5+ years) in Python.
Bachelor's (BSc) or higher degree in Computer Science or equivalent field.
Experience with Pandas, Apache Arrow, Snowflake, Prefect (plus).
Good understanding of Object-Oriented Design principles.
Good understanding of fundamental Algorithms and Data Structures.
Knowledge of Azure DevOps and git, CI/CD.
Good understanding of unit tests, integration and regression tests.
Aptitude for designing data models and pipelines is desirable.
Experience managing a team of developers is a huge plus.
Fluency in reading, writing and speaking English.
Team player.
Problem-solving skills.
Critical and analytical thinking.
Technical curiosity.
Adaptable.
What we offer
Retirement investment and tools for financial future building.
Access to education reimbursement.
Comprehensive resources for physical health and emotional well-being.
Family support programs.
Flexible Time Off (FTO).
Hybrid work model with at least 4 days in office per week and 1 day remote.
Pay-for-performance philosophy including base salary and discretionary annual bonus.
Company info
BlackRock is one of the world’s preeminent asset management firms and an outstanding provider of global investment management, risk management, and advisory services to institutional,intermediary and individual investors around the world. Besides offering a range of investment solutions — from fundamental and quantitative active management approaches to highly efficient indexing strategies – BlackRock also provides direct access to its market leading analytic models by onboarding clients to its Aladdin Platform, an end-to-end portfolio management software solution.
The Investments and Trading Engineering (ITE) team builds and delivers Aladdin's industry-leading risk management, portfolio management,compliance and trading capabilities. Within ITE, Quantitative Analytics Engineering (QAE) is a global team of quantitative developers responsible for the implementation of security valuation, portfolio risk,liquidity and performance attribution models. BlackRock Portfolio managers and external Aladdin clients such as pension funds and insurance companies rely on models maintained by QAE to identify investment opportunities, build portfolios and manage risk.
At BlackRock, we are all connected by one mission: to help more and more people experience financial well-being. Our clients, and the people they serve, are saving for retirement, paying for their children’s educations, buying homes and starting businesses. Their investments also help to strengthen the global economy: support businesses small and large; finance infrastructure projects that connect and power cities; and facilitate innovations that drive progress.
This mission would not be possible without our smartest investment – the one we make in our employees. It’s why we’re dedicated to creating an environment where our colleagues feel welcomed, valued and supported with networks, benefits and development opportunities to help them thrive.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése