Cég neve
BlackRock Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
TESTING
ACCESS
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
5-10 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
TESTING
ACCESS
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
5-10
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Take ownership of design for a subset of Aladdin’s tools used by internal and external users.
Help develop and implement UX strategies that align with business goals, ensuring a seamless user experience.
Design detailed workflows, and prototypes.
Ensure design is consistent with our UX/UI guidelines and approved interaction patterns.
Lead the design of user interfaces using participatory and iterative design techniques, including heuristic evaluations, user interviews, usability testing, and other forms of research and discovery.
Collaborate with key project team members, including UX designers, researchers, product managers, and technology leads to deliver end-to-end solutions.
Create specs and documentation for your designs, working within our design system.
Be a positive, friendly representative and evangelist for user-centered design.
Requirements
5+ years of application design experience in either product or agency environments
BFA degree in Visual Communication, Interaction Design, or similar field
A portfolio that shows strong examples of solving complex user needs via intuitive interface design, as well as examples of visuals designs and UI solving for complex workflows.
Expert-level skills in developing UI artifacts such as concepts, UI detailed designs, prototypes
Expert-level skills in Figma
Expert-level skills in detailing the work (i.e specs and annotations)
Expert-level skills in communication and storytelling through presentation
Ability to collaborate with development teams to ensure design implementation meets high quality standards
Partnering with key stakeholders to identify, develop, and implement innovative processes to ensure that UI design efforts are efficient, repeatable at scale and that ultimately ensure production and release of effective and impactful design.
Strong skills in working with cross functional teams that are early in their UX evolution to establish and implement UX/UI processes that ensure quality of design at scale.
Strong skills in conducting user interviews to understand user need deeply
Strong skills in conducting user testing to validate designs before and after production
What we offer
Retirement investment and tools designed to help you in building a sound financial future
Access to education reimbursement
Comprehensive resources to support your physical health and emotional well-being
Family support programs
Flexible Time Off (FTO) so you can relax, recharge and be there for the people you care about
Hybrid work model requiring at least 4 days in the office per week with flexibility to work from home 1 day a week
Company info
At BlackRock, we are all connected by one mission: to help more and more people experience financial well-being. Our clients, and the people they serve, are saving for retirement, paying for their children’s educations, buying homes and starting businesses. Their investments also help to strengthen the global economy: support businesses small and large; finance infrastructure projects that connect and power cities; and facilitate innovations that drive progress.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
UI-,
UX designer
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése