Cég neve
CLARK Holding SE
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY
ACCESS
REST
CRM
TESTING
JAVASCRIPT.
VISUAL STUDIO
CLOUD
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY
ACCESS
REST
CRM
TESTING
JAVASCRIPT.
VISUAL
STUDIO
CLOUD
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Your tasks
As Salesforce Developer (m/f/d) you act as the technological backbone of our CRM ecosystem, empowering cross-functional teams across Marketing, Sales, and Operations to perform at their best.Your responsibilities:
Solution Development: Design and develop customised solutions within Salesforce to meet project objectives and business goals, ensuring robust functionality and seamless user experiences.
System Management: Oversee the daily support, maintenance, and long-term improvement of the internal Salesforce instance, ensuring compatibility with changing mission requirements and emerging technologies.
Cross-functional Collaboration: Work closely with project managers, fellow developers, and various internal departments, including marketing, product, sales, and operations, to ensure cohesive project strategies and effective collaboration throughout all phases of development, testing, and deployment.
System Administration: Provide comprehensive system administration support for both internal and customer-facing Salesforce environments. This includes managing user permissions, security settings, custom objects, workflows, and other key aspects of the platform.
Continuous Improvement: Identify opportunities for system enhancements and implement changes to optimise functionality and performance in alignment with internal needs and industry best practices.
Requirements
Must have:
A minimum of 5 years of software development experience, with at least 3-4 years dedicated to Salesforce application development.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical field.
Proficient in Salesforce customizations, configurations, Flows, Apex, LWC, Aura and Visualforce pages with JavaScript.
Experience with tools such as Apex Data Loader, Workbench, and familiarity with Visual Studio Code or similar development and deployment tools.
Have experience of integration of the Salesforce system with 3rd Party applications.
Strong understanding of REST/SOAP APIs and experience building integrations with Salesforce
Hands-on experience working in a CI/CD-driven development and deployment environment.
Strong verbal and written communication skills in English, with the ability to collaborate effectively across teams.
Salesforce Developer certifications are highly desirable and will be considered a significant advantage.
Nice-to-have:
Fair idea about Experience Cloud is a plus.
Knowledgeable about Salesforce development best practices.
What we offer
At CLARK, you don't just work; you shape things. To help you give your best, we support you with a package that combines flexibility, security, and personal growth.
We give you real choice and autonomy:
Work 100% remotely or in a hybrid setup from our modern offices in Germany
Workation option of up to 182 days within a 12-month period from more than 50 countries, subject to applicable legal, tax, and social security regulations
30 vacation days , with an extra half day on December 24 and December 31
Flexible working hours , allowing you to structure your workday in a way that fits your life
We invest in you, professionally and personally:
2 paid Impact Days per year to support your voluntary or community engagement
A wide range of development formats including hackathons, leadership programs, internal trainings, and monthly Lunch & Learn sessions
Access to internal and external learning and development opportunities
Team spirit: Quarterly workshops and annual global events strengthen our cohesion across borders.
To give you peace of mind and let you focus on the things that are really important:
Attractive employer contributions to an occupational pension scheme
Exclusive employee discounts and partner offers
At CLARK, you can simply be yourself! Diversity, equal opportunity, and mutual respect are not slogans for us: They are embedded in how we work together and how we make decisions.
Company info
Who we are
As one of Europe's leading InsurTechs, backed by Allianz X, Portage, and White Star Capital, our purpose is simple: Protecting the World of Our Customers . Across our European hubs in Germany, the UK, and Switzerland, over 400 Clarkees combine cutting-edge technology with deep human expertise to build the ultimate ' Insurance Companion in Your Pocket '.Your Impact At CLARK, you are joining a culture of simplicity, reliability, and care. We provide the playing field, you provide the impact. We don't hire experts to maintain the status quo; we hire them to elevate it. Ready to step onto the field?
Here is how you can shape our journey as a Salesforce Developer (m/f/d) :
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése