Cég neve
Kyndryl
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
ACCESS
CHANGE MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
ACCESS
CHANGE
MANAGEMENT
Német
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Do you have a passion for driving meaningful change through technology? Are you a master of Org Change Management combined with IT strategy and eager to make an impact on our customers? We're seeking a talented Organizational Change Management Consultant to join our team for multi-disciplinary, complex consulting engagements.
Through this role as our new Managing Consultant for Org. Change Management here at Kyndryl Germany you will be:
Shaping and pitching OCM offerings in IT transformation proposals and new client opportunities
Leading and delivering OCM workstreams across complex client engagements (e.g., SAP, Digital Workplace, M&As, AI)
Developing and executing tailored change strategies, communication plans, and training programs
Conducting impact assessments and designing targeted communication artifacts
Tracking and analyzing change metrics to guide implementation and measure success
Collaborating with client teams to ensure smooth adoption and stakeholder alignment
Engaging confidently with senior client leadership to influence direction and drive change
Requirements
You're good at what you do and possess the required experience to prove it. However, equally as important – you have a growth mindset; keen to drive your own personal and professional development. You are customer-focused – someone who prioritizes customer success in their work. And finally, you're open and borderless – naturally inclusive in how you work with others.
Required Skills and Experience
University degree in Business, Psychology, Communications, or a related field
5–7 years' experience in management consulting, with a focus on organizational change and adoption — preferably in IT
Proven track record in leading and delivering external Organizational Change Management (OCM) projects within complex IT transformations
Proven ability to lead and manage project teams effectively
Deep expertise in change management methodologies (e.g., ADKAR, Kotter, Prosci)
Strong stakeholder engagement and interpersonal communication skills
Excellent analytical and problem-solving capabilities
Self-driven and collaborative team player
Fluency in German (both written and verbal communication)
Preferred Skills and Experience
Familiarity with service designing and implementing user-centered service within digital transformation & enterprise programs leveraging co-creative and collaborative methodologies.
What we offer
Your career with us isn't just a job—it's an adventure with purpose. We offer a dynamic, hybrid-friendly culture that supports your well-being and empowers you to grow. Our Be Well programs are thoughtfully designed to support your financial, mental, physical, and social health—because we know that when you feel your best, you do your best.
From your very first day, you'll dive into impactful work that powers the systems our customers rely on every day. You won't just contribute—you'll make a difference, tackling meaningful projects that sharpen your skills and fuel your growth.
We're here to champion your journey. With powerful tools to chart your career path, personalized development goals aligned with your ambitions, and continuous feedback to keep you inspired and on track, you'll have everything you need to thrive and evolve. You'll develop in-demand skills to grow your career and achieve your ambitions with access to cutting-edge learning opportunities—from certifications with Microsoft, Google, and Amazon to coaching and hands-on experiences. And through it all, you'll be part of a culture that values empathy, restless learning, and a devotion to shared success.
We want you to thrive here—and we're committed to helping you do just that. Ready to make an impact? Join us and help shape what's next.
Company info
At Kyndryl, we run and reimagine the mission-critical technology systems that drive advantage for the world's leading businesses. We are at the heart of progress; with proven expertise and a continuous flow of AI-powered insight, enabling smarter decisions, faster innovation, and a lasting competitive edge. For our people—Kyndryls—that means doing purposeful work that powers human progress. Join us and experience a flexible, supportive environment where your well-being is prioritized and your potential can thrive.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése