Cég neve
ams Sensors Germany GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ASSEMBLY
MS OFFICE
MS PROJECT
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ASSEMBLY
MS
OFFICE
MS
PROJECT
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Take ownership of all program aspects, defining the critical path and identifying key risks
Develop robust project plans with the Technical Project Leader and the Director of Engineering, validating logistics, resources, and lead times
Monitor progress continuously and coordinate activities across design, applications, product management, operations, and Assembly
Drive execution according to the Engineering Process; track and report against quality standards and planned milestones
Anticipate barriers and trade-offs across chip design, test development, applications, software, firmware, Product & Test Engineering, quality, sourcing, customer engineering, and marketing to keep an integrated, realistic plan
Establish strong vendor / customer relationship and communicate status to customers regularly
Requirements
Master's degree in Electronic Engineering or a related discipline
At least 10 years of project management experience in the sensor or semiconductor Industry mandatory
Proficiency with MS Office and advanced MS Project
Strategic yet pragmatic mindset with excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Proven ability to coordinate and lead multi-site teams
Highly proactive and self-driven
Business-fluent in English
What we offer
Attractive salary
Flexible working hours
Training opportunities & structured onboarding and development planning
Opportunity for coaching, mentoring and networking
Parking at the place of work
ams OSRAM is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Diversity, equity and inclusion is strongly established in our corporate culture and we firmly believe it makes us more successful as a company. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment regardless of ethnic, national or social origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, color, religion, age, physical and mental abilities.
Company info
Sense the power of light
The ams OSRAM Group is a global leader in innovative light and sensor solutions. With more than 110 years of industry experience, we combine engineering excellence and global manufacturing with a passion for cutting-edge innovation enabling transformative advancements in the automotive, industrial, medical, and consumer industries. "Sense the power of light" - our success is based on the deep understanding of the potential of light and distinct portfolio of emitter and sensor technologies. Around 19,700 employees worldwide drive innovations alongside societal megatrends.
Find out more about us on
The CSA division supplies sensors that bridge the gap between the world we live in and the digital world of machines. By converting physical signals - heartbeats, sounds, light waves - into data, we enable robots, cars and other devices to interact with people and improve our world. What drives CSA is a relentless desire to contribute to technology and have a meaningful impact on the world. This business thrives on solving complex problems and partnering with global leaders at the forefront of technological advancement. Our goal: to push the boundaries of sensor technology and empower innovators to make the world smarter, healthier and happier.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Project
Management
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése