Cég neve
Dreher Sörgyárak Zrt.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
POWERBI
SAP
SQL
DATA MANAGEMENT
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
POWERBI
SAP
SQL
DATA
MANAGEMENT
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
A pozíció leírása:
Do you like to make an impact?
Are you always thinking about how it could be done differently?
Yes!
This is your place!
We count on you for these activities:
Building a software infrastructure with carrying out new initiatives and providing support to the related systems, applications and other solutions.
Continuously improve Data management
Supporting the digital vision to transform from a mechanical manufacturing to a digitalized production including supply chain area.
Collects all the requirements/ideas from all departments within the brewery related to any initiative or change related to a digital solution
Performs and/or support data collection and statistical analysis in systems used depending on priorities and needs
Developing solutions for automated data acquisition and connection to company-wide IT systems
Continuously help to improve master data and software tools within production
Responsible for the management of all owned systems and applications, their functionality and updates
Provides support and coordinate problem solving related to system issues reported by users
Represent the company in any communities and project teams.
Erre lesz szükséged:
You will need these skills for successful work:
Secondary education preferred
Min. 2 years of experience in system development and digitalization
Knowledge of data cloud systems
Intermediate knowledge of O365 (Sharepoint, MS Planner, Power Automate, PowerBI, PowerApps) and other similar applications
Actively used business English both in written and verbal
Native Hungarian language is required
These will help you:
Analytical and data analyst approach
Ownership of your work in an empowering work culture - driving tasks independently, and delivering reliable results
Teamwork - ability to communicate at different levels of the organization and open to new tasks
Ability for prioritizing tasks and make effective decisions
Growth mindset
Can-do attitude
Ability to adapt to change
We are glad if you already have:
Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in Informations Systems, Computer Sciences, Management Sciences, Engineering or other related discipline
Experience in FMCG, production and/or supply chain area
Experience in implementing IT/OT projects
Basic knowledge of production systems and related processes
Knowledge of OEE/production systems
Practice in statistical methodologies
SAP knowledge/experience
Strong project management skills
SQL knowledge
Amit nyújtunk:
We appreciate your work and you:
Home office opportunity
Great compensation system
cafeteria
bonus
health insurance
employee beer
employee PUB
fitness room
professional/language/soft skill trainings
Space to implement your suggestions
Diverse and exciting projects
Culture of feedback and appreciation
Stable company background at a leader multinational FMCG company
Opportunity to build an international career
Apply today with your English CV, we are curious about your story!
We are committed to nurturing a workplace where we celebrate and respect difference, and support everyone to be true to who they are! At Asahi Europe and International we believe you can SHINE AS YOU ARE - no matter your age, gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, disabilities, religion, or beliefs.
We want to support you to be courageous in your individuality and to know that whoever you are and whatever your circumstances, you can belong with us without having to conform.
Jelentkezés módja:
Kérjük, pályázatát a jelentkezem gombra kattintva küldje el.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
programozás, Fejlesztés
Programozó,
Fejlesztő
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése