Cég neve
TK Elevator Europe Africa GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Német középfok és
Francia középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Német
középfok és Francia középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As Program Manager, you take end‑to‑end responsibility for complex, multi‑year ERP/CRM transformation programs across Europe Africa. You act as the central point of contact for program sponsors and ensure alignment between business, IT, and external partners.
Program Leadership & Governance
Act as single point of contact for Program Sponsors across the Europe Africa region
Co‑manage overall program plan, timeline, budget, and vendor deliverables together with the external system integrator
Prepare and lead SteerCo meetings, including reporting, decision papers, and escalation topics
Stakeholder & Vendor Management
Ensure alignment across central functions, operating units, IT, external vendors, and country leadership
Steer and challenge external partners on proposed solutions and delivery quality
Confidently facilitate decision‑making with senior executives
Transformation & Rollout Execution
Coordinate cross‑functional and country activities for ERP/CRM/FSM template design
Facilitate design workshops and validate vendor deliverables
Build, drive, and execute the rollout roadmap, sequencing countries and deployment waves
Manage risks, dependencies, and issues with clear mitigation and escalation paths
Requirements
We are looking for a candidate who meets the following qualifications:
Educational Background
A degree in Engineering, Business Administration, or a related field is preferred.
Experience
8+ years of experience in large‑scale ERP and/or CRM transformation programs
Proven track record in managing complex, multi‑year global or regional programs
Experience steering system integrators and external vendors
Skills
Solid understanding of ERP/CRM architectures, integrations, master data, and workflows
Strong communication skills, calm under pressure, structured and politically aware
Ability to balance global standards with local business needs
Languages
Fluent in English
German and/or French are a plus
Personal Attributes
High degree of independence in managing task areas within general target guidelines.
A proactive, "maintenance-oriented" mindset focused on stability and continuous process optimization.
Ability to work effectively in a remote or decentralized team setup.
What we offer
Health and Safety
–Highest standards and a wide range of health promotion and healthcare activities
Flexibility
–We support, for example, through flexible yet regulated working hours and remote working options
Compensation & pension
– Fair working conditions, competitive compensation, following “Collective Agreements” and support with pension schemes
Collaboration & diversity
–Collegiality is of huge importance – we treat everyone with respect and appreciation
Development
–Individual support to help you get started in your new job as well as training and education programs to help you develop professionally and personally
Creative leeway
–We offer an environment in which you can try out new solutions in a no-blame-culture
Sustainability
–We act with responsibility and environmental awareness
Work environment
–We have modern workplaces and IT equipment, subsidized lunchtime meals in the canteen, free parking and discounted public transport tickets
We value diversity
At TK Elevator, we aim to embrace diversity and welcome everyone -no matter the ethnicity, nationality, gender or gender expression, age, social background, religion or world belief, sexual orientation, disability, marital status or any other legally protected characteristic or status.
Do you have a disability and would like to work with us? Then we look forward to your application!
As a signatory of the Charter of Diversity, TK Elevator is committed to a prejudice-free and diverse working environment with equal opportunities. Although we are not completely barrier-free yet, we are working every day to improve ourselves. Let's overcome barriers together and work on individual solutions that work for you.
Company info
We strive to make cities the best ever places to live, by advancing an industry that moves over 1 billion people each day. We are transforming our business by driving the industry norm and challenging ourselves, fostering a culture of internal and external collaboration, and building on our unique engineering capabilities to optimize existing and create new products and solutions for our customers that cater to real mobility needs.
The Business Unit Europe Africa is one of the largest of TK Elevator's Business Units. Its Regional Business Support Center is in Dusseldorf, Germany, from where it coordinates activities in 20+ countries, as well a distributor network in Africa. This unit handles the sale, installation, servicing and modernization of elevators, escalators and moving walks. In select markets, the portfolio also includes home lifts and the service of automatic doors.TK Elevator achieved worldwide sales of €9.2 billion in fiscal year 2024/2025. With around 50,000 employees, 25,000 service technicians, and over 1,000 support centers across the globe, we are driven by what moves people. TKE – Move Beyond.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Corporate
Leadership, Management
Interim
manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése