Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
DEVOPS
SAP
SECURITY
AWS
DOCKER
ANSIBLE
API
POWERSHELL
PYTHON
DATABASE
@SAP.
SERVICE MANAGEMENT
JENKINS
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
DEVOPS
SAP
SECURITY
AWS
DOCKER
ANSIBLE
API
POWERSHELL
PYTHON
DATABASE
@SAP.
SERVICE
MANAGEMENT
JENKINS
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
In this role, you will join the Multi-Tenant Engineering team: We own, build, and harden, the internal SAP Sovereign Cloud environments used as reference by the regional Operations teams. You will build the automation deployment that will deliver SAP SuccessFactors (HCM) applications to SAP Sovereign Cloud customers aiming at functional completeness, streamlined deployments, and smooth operation. You will be working closely with technical product managers, engineers, and architects with a focus on HCM applications. You will have the opportunity to solve the intricate challenges of scale and security which are unique to SAP Sovereign Cloud. You will be the subject matter expert of the Sovereign Cloud HCM environment setup, leveraging your functional & technical expertise, complexity analysis, and stakeholder management. You will engage closely with regional Operations colleagues, Security, QA, as well as the other Sovereign Cloud Engineering teams. You will drive the end-to-end deployment of product capabilities - from defining implementation concepts, to performing functional & technical assessments, hardening, ultimately culminating in automated deployments for customer adoption.
Requirements
WHAT YOU BRING
Bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, or similar field
Professional experience in Cloud Delivery related fields and technologies
In-depth knowledge of hyperscalers (AWS preferred)
Very good understanding and implementation experience of Terraform
In-depth experience in technologies used for deploying and managing Cloud-native applications:
Container Orchestration tools e.g. Gardener (preferred), Kubernetes, Docker
Helm charts
Repository management e.g. Artifactory (preferred), JFrog (preferred)
Service management tools e.g. Consul (preferred), Zookeeper
Experience with
Deployment automation and the tools e.g. Ansible, Chef
CI/CD pipelines e.g. ArgoCD (preferred), GitLab CI/CD (preferred), Jenkins
Monitoring e.g. Dynatrace, CloudWatch
Logging e.g. Splunk (preferred), Elasticsearch, Logstash
Cloud Networking tools e.g. AWS VPCs (preferred), VNet, Google VPC
API Management tools (Apigee preferred)
Familiarity with GitLab and/or GitHub
Scripting background e.g. PowerShell, Python (preferred)
Security best practices including hardened containers and images (STIG)
Experience with Security tools e.g. Hashicorp Vault (preferred), GitHub Secrets
Database knowledge like SAP HANA
Experience with HCM system environment setup is a big plus
Familiarity with Cloud Foundry is a plus
Prior exposure to OpenStack deployment or CLI tools is a plus
Excellent methodological and conceptual skills paired with analytical thinking
Proven ability to work in cross-functional teams
Fluency in written and spoken English
WORK EXPERIENCE
7+ years of professional experience in Cloud Delivery related fields and technologies
4+ years of experience in cloud operations - developing, delivering, and maintaining Cloud Products
Development experience in at least one programming language
Professional experience in software engineering role
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
***** Due to the potentially classified nature of our work, your willingness is required to subject yourself to a governmental security clearance process *****
#SAPSovereignCloud #SovereignCloud
We win with
SAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 438676 | Work Area: Software-Development Operations | Expected Travel: 0 - 10% | Career Status: Berufserfahren | Employment Type: Vollzeit, unbefristet | Additional Locations: #LI-
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
COMPANY DESCRIPTION
SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That is why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures.
SAP recently decided to combine and harmonize all SAP Sovereign Cloud offerings, establishing an end-to-end process for the Public Sector and regulated industries. The newly created Global Sovereign Cloud Delivery & Operations business unit is part of Board area Customer Serivces & Delivery with responsibility across the relevant Sovereign Cloud portfolio of SAP. Global Sovereign Cloud Delivery & Operations is collaborating closely with all Board areas to establish a harmonized, scalable, and consistent offering with transparent and standardized deliverables.
We are looking for an Expert DevOps Engineer (f/m/d) within the Sovereign Cloud Delivery & Operations team in the Customer Services & Delivery board area, focused on the Sovereign Cloud deployment of SAP SuccessFactors (HCM).
Bring out your
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
Network
and System Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése