Cég neve
Diligent Governance Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
AWS
SECURITY
NODEJS
API
ANGULAR
REACT.
DOCKER
SQL
DATABASES
AGILE
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
>10 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
AWS
SECURITY
NODEJS
API
ANGULAR
REACT.
DOCKER
SQL
DATABASES
AGILE
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
>10
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Shape engineering strategy with broad organizational impact, influencing long-term architectural direction across multiple teams and products.
Drive platform evolution, identifying common pain points and leading scalable, reusable solutions across systems.
Engage in deep architectural discussions, evaluating trade-offs and optimizing for security, performance, and maintainability.
Shape and influence AI-related design decisions, ensuring alignment with product goals and ethical, effective use.
Architect end-to-end AI-enabled systems with embedded governance, monitoring, and adaptability to regulatory change.
Educate teams on foundational AI concepts, model capabilities, prompt engineering, and responsible AI practices.
Act as a thought leader in the AI space, helping the organization mature its understanding and adoption of AI-driven technologies.
Communicate complex technical topics clearly across technical and non-technical audiences.
Motivate, mentor, and inspire engineers across teams, fostering a culture of high performance, technical curiosity, and continuous improvement.
Regularly demo work, share knowledge across the department, and drive a culture of collaboration.
Requirements
15+ years of professional experience delivering secure applications in an agile environment.
Demonstrated understanding of AI concepts, including model behavior, prompt optimization, and AI governance.
Experience designing or integrating AI-powered systems with transparency, monitoring, and regulatory readiness in mind.
Comfort mentoring others in AI-related best practices and helping shape organizational knowledge in this space.
Strong ability to architect with AWS using Infrastructure-as-Code tools such as Terraform, CDK, or CloudFormation.
Strong understanding of distributed data storages (e.g. Aurora, DynamoDB, S3) and how to build a scalable platform using them.
Strong understanding of Event Driven Architecture and its applications.
Proficiency in developing RESTful APIs using NodeJS and/or TypeScript in Open API specifications, visually stunning user interfaces using Angular/React.
Experience working with Docker in development.
Experience on SQL databases and optimizations.
Bachelors’ degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or related field.
What we offer
Flexible work environment
Global days of service
Comprehensive health benefits
Meeting free days
Generous time off policy
Wellness programs
Hybrid work model with onsite work at least 50% of the time if within commuting distance to an office
Diversity and inclusion initiatives through Employee Resource Groups and education
Company info
Diligent is the AI leader in governance, risk and compliance (GRC) SaaS solutions, helping more than 1 million users and 700,000 board members to clarify risk and elevate governance. The Diligent One Platform gives practitioners, the C-Suite and the board a consolidated view of their entire GRC practice so they can more effectively manage risk, build greater resilience and make better decisions, faster.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése