Cég neve
McKinsey & Company, Inc.Hungary Magyarországi Fióktelepe
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
TESTING
NODE.JS
REACT
SECURITY
DOCKER
CLOUD
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
TESTING
NODE.JS
REACT
SECURITY
DOCKER
CLOUD
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Work with clients and the global Orchestro team.
Join a cross-functional squad owning an end-to-end slice of Orchestro, McKinsey’s SaaS platform.
Translate user problems into technical solutions and help steer the squad’s roadmap.
Pair-program with teammates, coding, testing, and releasing Node.js- and react-based features through GitHub Actions pipelines.
Add unit, integration, and mutation tests to ensure reliability, security, and performance.
Help evolve shared platform practices: refining CI/CD workflows, improving Kubernetes deployments, and extending observability.
Propose product or technical improvements from day one.
Requirements
2+ years building production web software (preferably Node.js & modern React)
Hands-on experience with automated testing and CI/CD workflows
Familiarity with Docker/Kubernetes or another cloud-native deployment stack
Fluent English for day-to-day collaboration and stakeholder communication
What we offer
Continuous learning culture with structured programs and clear feedback.
A voice that matters with opportunities to make tangible impact.
Global community with colleagues across 65+ countries and over 100 nationalities.
World-class benefits including competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.
Company info
McKinsey & Company is a global management consulting firm that serves leading businesses, governments, non-governmental organizations, and not-for-profits. Founded in 1926, McKinsey operates in more than 65 countries with a diverse workforce of over 30,000 professionals. The firm is committed to helping clients make distinctive, lasting, and substantial improvements in their performance and building a great firm that attracts, develops, excites, and retains exceptional people.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése