Cég neve
NTT DATA Business Solutions AG
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
NETWORK
SAP®
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
NETWORK
SAP®
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Do you love challenges?
Be part of a global team of experts within the
Global Innovation & Industry Consulting unit
, operating in a matrix organization across all local and regional business units. As
Program /Project Manager (f/m/d)
you have a
key role within a global program and manage one or two projects
. You will be the owner of the project(s), with
full responsibility of timeline, budget, quality, and risk,
supported by a PMO.
■ Calculating all aspects of the development, implementation and risks of the project.
■ Managing all project resources, own and customer team
■ Building, maintaining and overall managing the detailed project plan, based on the field consulting standards
■ Working closely to the PMO, for tracking and controlling all project related activities / task
■ Serving as a mentor to project members to educate and assist them with project management processes
■ Anticipating project deviations, proactively develop corrective actions and identified critical risks
Convince us with your potential!
Requirements
■ Detailed understanding of the SAP Activate Methodology
■ Good knowledge about SAP usage in project cycles
■ Ability to steer project members, build consensus, make project decisions and solve problems while working under pressure
■ Excellent communication, leadership, and organizational skills
■ Ability to work independently and to motivate people
■ Willingness to travel for 50%
■ Proficiency in written and spoken English and at least one additional language (preferably German) to round off your profile
What we offer
Full or part time
Location:
Continental Europe
We have a holistic view of the individual needs of our employees. Here you can find a detailed overview of our wide variety of benefits during different life phases.
■
Flexible working hours and locations
: workation, mobile working, part-time models, sabbaticals, etc.
■
Your further development by plan:
topic-specific induction, targeted career development based on career models, programs and your own academy
■
Family first:
e.g. daycare allowance, paid maternity leave and paternity network
■
SAP Platinum Partnership
: strong SAP partnership, large knowledge network, and SAP Learning Hub and certification opportunities.
■
We take care
: e.g. 25% subsidy for company pension plan, company health management and cooperation with fitness providers
■
We help you get from A to B:
company car (depending on your role), discount on public transport and bicycle leasing via JobRad®
Do you have questions about diversity, equity, and inclusion at NTT DATA Business Solutions? You can find more information here.
We believe that diversity, equity, inclusion, and wellbeing fuel innovation and ensure an exceptional customer and employee experience. We welcome applicants of all genders, backgrounds, ages, sexual orientations, lifestyles, religions, and types of disabilities.
Feel free to contact our colleagues at
We transform. SAP® solutions into Value
Company info
At NTT DATA Business Solutions, we drive innovation – from advisory and implementation to managed services and beyond, powered by a global team of over 18,500 experts representing over 90 nations in more than 30 countries. With SAP at our core and a powerful ecosystem of partners like Microsoft and ServiceNow, we continuously improve solutions and AI-driven technology to make them work for companies – and for their people.
We are part of NTT DATA, a $30+ billion business and technology services, AI and digital infrastructure leader. As a Global Top Employer, NTT DATA serves 75% of the Fortune Global 100 and, with experts in over 70 countries, co-innovates solutions that encourage experimentation and recognize great work.
With us, you have endless opportunities to think big, act bold and take ownership. Make this the place where you belong, learn, and build your network.
Make this the place where
you
grow
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Project
Management
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése