Cég neve
DIgSILENT GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Gomaringen bei Tübingen
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
HARDWARE
TESTING
C
C++
DYNAMICS
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
HARDWARE
TESTING
C
C++
DYNAMICS
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
You implement numerical simulation methods and their applications for large scale power systems.
You develop high performance algorithms for dynamic simulation taking also advantage of hardware-based acceleration techniques such as FPGA or GPU.
You are involved in the full development chain: research, design and specification, implementation, testing and maintenance.
You provide expert support to our customers on matters relating to dynamic simulation.
Requirements
Very successful degree (Masters/ PhD) in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Physics or Mathematics.
Very good knowledge in C/C++ development or other object-oriented programming languages.
Strong expertise in high performance computing with focus on hardware-accelerated software development based on FPGA or GPU programming.
Profound knowledge in simulation or stability analysis of dynamical systems as for example hybrid differential-algebraic equation systems is beneficial.
Familiarity in further topics, such as electrodynamics, dynamics of large-scale power systems, dynamic modelling (e.g. MODELICA), real time simulation, optimization or numerical analysis is of advantage.
Willingness to extend your expert knowledge and to apply it in new areas.
Very good abilities to communicate, collaborate and interact with other project team members and clients.
What we offer
Attractive remuneration including annual bonus payments and company pension scheme.
Flexible working hours with flexitime account and home office option, as well as 30 days' holiday per year.
Childcare allowance for daycare and kindergarten children.
Individual training opportunities for professional development.
Work in an innovative and promising working environment with good professional development opportunities.
Flat hierarchies with the advantages of an internationally networked, medium-sized company.
Company info
DigSILENT GmbH is an independent software and consulting company in the field of electrical power supply, serving transmission, distribution, generation, and industrial networks as well as renewable energy systems.
We assist energy providers and grid operators in tackling the challenges posed by digitalization in the energy sector and the integration of renewable energy sources. Our products
PowerFactory
,
StationWare
, and
Monitoring Systems
are utilized worldwide in over 170 countries. If strengthening brand presence is not just your profession but your passion, then join our team.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése