Cég neve
Huawei Technologies Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
1133 Budapest, Váci utca 116-118.
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Étkezési jegy
Egészségpénztár
Cafeteria
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Általános munkarend
Biztosított eszközök
Laptop
Workstation
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Étkezési
jegy
Egészségpénztár
Cafeteria
Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Általános
munkarend
Laptop
Workstation
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Tests and integrates BSS (
Business Support Systems
) systems into the operator’s existing IT environment.
Ensures different modules (billing, CRM, customer management, etc.) work together smoothly.
Identifies issues, analyzes system logic, and helps resolve technical problems.
Simulates real-life scenarios (e.g., a customer ordering a new service) to verify system performance.
Documents work and collaborates with international teams and customers.
Requirements
Degree in IT or Telecommunications (BSc).
Basic knowledge of Linux and databases (Oracle, NoSQL).
Good English skills to work in an international environment.
Advantage: familiarity with 2G/3G/4G mobile networks or prior IT/telecom support experience.
Nice-to-have
Experience in Telecom/IT support will be a plus.
What we offer
A professional career in one of the leading multinational telecommunication companies
Challenging work and competitive salary package.
12.000 HUF meal allowance (szép card)
Medical assurance at Medicover
Referral bonus. You are a model future employee for us, so if you have colleagues, friends with a similar profile like yours, please send us a referral, and you will be remunerated with a referral bonus.
Monthly Budapest transportation season ticket, which costs 8.950 HUF/month, or you can choose the 30 HUF/ km transportation allowance if you use the car.
Annual bonus according to the performance of each qualified employee.
Travel outside Hungary as per position/project requires – business trip allowance, transportation, and accommodation will be covered by the company, accordingly local legislation
Overtime in case of need – paid extra
Annual leave days –The base annual leave quota is 20 days, but accordingly to local legislation, you can have extra annual leave quotas because of age and if somebody has children.
We offer you a SIM Card and your laptop for effective work at the office.
Workplace extras
Cafe
Parking
Company info
New ideas surround us, but only a few will change the world. Are you a change maker interested in being part of this opportunity?
The Telecommunications landscape is constantly changing. Knowledge and competence are vital for telecommunication professionals in this ever-changing industry.
Huawei
has had a dynamic and multicultural environment since 2020, when a new technical hub was opened in
Budapest, Hungary
.
At Huawei, we are looking for people who share our vision: to enrich life through communication. We are offering a challenging position, the opportunity to grow and expand your knowledge through daily interaction with skilled engineers located all over the world.
How to apply
Please send your detailed Resume/CV in English (Word or Adobe PDF) via the "Jelentkezem" button. Please be assured that your CV containing personal information will be kept confidential and will be used only for job matches at Huawei.
We would like to inform you that the Data Controller regarding your application is Huawei Technologies Hungary Kft. (company registration number: 01-09-861837, Registered seat: 1133 Budapest, Váci út 116-118. 1. building. 6. Floor, Hungary). We process your personal data for the purpose of considering you for, and assessing your suitability for, career opportunities with Huawei, and progressing your application further to maintain and improve our recruiting processes, and to comply with the laws and regulations Huawei is subject to. You, as the data subject, have the following rights: You can have access to your processed personal data; if it is inaccurate, You can ask for the rectification of Your data; You also have the right to erasure (delete) your personal data; You can ask for the restriction of processing; You can file a portability request about the personal data You provided to us; You can object against the processing if it is based on legitimate interest; and You can withdraw your consent about the processing; You can also ask for human review in case of automated decision-making. You can find our detailed information notice regarding job applications if you visit Huawei’s webpage and, at the bottom, select the “career” option, then, in the dedicated career webpage, look for the upper right corner, and – in the worldwide dropdown menu- select Huawei Europe. You will land on the dedicated recruitment site, and you can find our detailed privacy notice in its footer, called simply “privacy”.
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
Telecommunication
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése