Cég neve
Huawei Technologies Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
1133 Budapest, Váci út 116-118.
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Étkezési jegy
Egészségpénztár
Cafeteria
Szakmai tréningek
Munkába járás támogatás
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Általános munkarend
Biztosított eszközök
Laptop
Workstation
Monitor (1 db)
Desktop PC
Headset
Mobiltelefon
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Étkezési
jegy
Egészségpénztár
Cafeteria
Szakmai
tréningek
Munkába
járás támogatás
Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Általános
munkarend
Laptop
Workstation
Monitor
(1 db)
Desktop
PC
Headset
Mobiltelefon
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Deliver software products for telecom carriers in virtualization, containerization, horizontalization, and public cloud scenarios.
Act as the technical implementation engineer (TE) and be responsible for technical implementation and technical problem handling in the delivery projects.
Participate in the integration planning and design of project delivery and output of the delivery solution, including the deployment solution, configuration solution, test solution, and acceptance solution.
Be responsible for software installation, upgrade, configuration, commissioning, and maintenance for the software environments.
Requirements
Strong experience with the
Linux operating system (OS)
.
Experience with
Oracle, MySQL,
or other database systems.
Knowledge of network administration.
Knowledge of carrier and internet product O&M (Operations and Maintenance) processes, as well as enterprise architecture, is preferred.
Experience in software or IT project development, testing, delivery, infrastructure, and maintenance is preferred.
Proficient in English (both written and spoken).
Advantages
Familiarity with cloud, virtualization, and containerization technologies like
AWS, Azure
, etc. and
Docker
What we offer
A professional career in one of the leading multinational telecommunication company
Challenging work and competitive salary package.
12.000 HUF meal allowance (szép card)
Medical assurance at Medicover
Referral bonus. You are a model future employee for us, so if you have colleagues or friends with similar profiles like yours, please send us a referral and you will be remunerated with a referral bonus.
Monthly Budapest transportation season ticket, which costs 8.950 HUF/month, or you can choose the 30 HUF/ km transportation allowance if you use the car.
Annual bonus according to the performance of each qualified employee.
Travel outside Hungary as per position/project requirements – business trip allowance, transportation, and accommodation will be covered by the company according to local legislation
Overtime in case of need – paid extra
Annual leave days –The base annual leave quota is 20 days, but according to local legislation you can have extra annual quotas because of the ages and if somebody has children.
We offer you a SIM Card and your personal laptop for effective work at the office.
Work extras
Canteen
Cafe
Corporate events
Parking
Company info
New ideas surround us, but only a few will change the world. Are you a change maker interested in being part of this opportunity? The Telecommunications landscape is constantly changing. Knowledge and competence are vital for telecommunication professionals in this ever-changing industry.
Huawei
has had a dynamic and multicultural environment, since 2020 when a new technical hub was opened in
Budapest, Hungary market.
At Huawei we are looking for people who share our vision: to enrich life through communication. We are offering a challenging position, the opportunity to grow and expand your knowledge through daily interaction with skilled engineers located all over the world.
How to apply
Please send your detailed
Resume/CV in English
via E-Mail (Word or Adobe PDF) via the "Jelentkezem" button. Please be assured your CV containing personal information will be kept confidential and be used with the recruitment process for this position at Huawei.
We would like to inform You that the Data Controller regarding your application is Huawei Technologies Hungary Kft. (company registration number: 01-09-861837, Registered seat: 1133 Budapest, Váci út 116-118. 1. building. 6. Floor, Hungary). We process your personal data for the purpose of considering you for, and assessing your suitability for, career opportunities with Huawei, and progressing your application further to maintain and improve our recruiting processes, and to comply with the laws and regulations Huawei is subject to. You, as the data subject, have the following rights: You can have access to your processed personal data; if it is inaccurate, You can ask for the rectification of Your data; You also have the right to erasure (delete) your personal data; You can ask for the restriction of processing; You can file a portability request about the personal data You provided to us; You can object against the processing if it is based on legitimate interest; and You can withdraw your consent about the processing; You can also ask for human review in case of automated decision-making. You can find our detailed information notice regarding job applications if You visit Huawei’s webpage and at the bottom, select the “career” option, then, in the dedicated career webpage look for the upper right corner, and – in the worldwide dropdown menu- select Huawei Europe. You will land on the dedicated recruitment site, and You can find our detailed privacy notice in its footer, called simply “privacy”.
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
Network
and System Engineer
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése