Cég neve
Stryker GmbH & Co.KG
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
R
DATABASE.
XML
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
R
DATABASE.
XML
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
You create, maintain, and revise English-language user instructions and patient information based on internal templates, standards, and guidelines.
You work in the content management system on editing and creating technical documentation to ensure the safe and effective use of our software applications, implants, surgical instruments, and navigation systems.
You contribute to the migration and configuration of technical documentation in our content management system.
You collaborate closely with internal departments (e.g., R&D, graphic designers, translation specialists, quality assurance).
You check the terminology used in our publications and help maintain our terminology database.
You have the opportunity to participate in projects introducing new technologies and tools within the technical publications team.
Requirements
You are enrolled in a degree program such as Technical Communication, Content Engineering, Media Informatics, Business Informatics, Linguistics, or a comparable field of study.
You have the ability to understand complex technical content and present it clearly and comprehensibly.
You have excellent German skills and are fluent in English, both spoken and written.
You work in a structured, reliable, and independent manner.
You are open to working with new systems, tools, and software programs.
Ideally, you already have basic knowledge of XML-based writing or in the area of content modularization/reuse.
You bring an affinity for IT as well as an interest in digitalization and modern editorial processes.
What we offer
Fair pay, holiday entitlement, exciting training and personal mentoring, and flexible working hours.
Diversity is important to us. We welcome applications from people regardless of their ethnic, national or social origin, gender, disability, age or sexual identity.
Company info
Looking for a place that values your unique talents? Discover Stryker's award-winning culture.
Job description
At Stryker, every role is vital to our mission to make healthcare better. Our collaborative environment champions growth and opportunity, ensuring that every member of our team is equipped to contribute to our collective goal.
Join us and be at the forefront of making healthcare better for everyone, everywhere.
In your internship at a globally leading medical technology company, you'll be right in the middle of the action: You support our technical publications team in innovative projects, deepen your specialist knowledge, and gain hands-on experience that will help you grow both professionally and personally.
Duration of your internship
: 6 months (full-time)
Type of internship
: We offer voluntary internships alongside your studies, compulsory internships/practical semesters, and a combination of both
When you start with us
: September or October 2026
Where you will work:
Freiburg (Breisgau)
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése