Cég neve
Hamilton Medical AG
Munkavégzés helye
Svájc
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
FRONTEND
AZURE
REACT
CLOUD
TESTING
DOCKER
C
Elvárások
Angol középfok
3-5 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
FRONTEND
AZURE
REACT
CLOUD
TESTING
DOCKER
C
Angol
középfok
3-5
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Fullstack Engineer Digital Solutions 80 - 100 % (w/m/d)For more than 70 years, Hamilton Medical has shaped the future of mechanical ventilation. We develop intelligent ventilation solutions that support clinicians in critical moments.Our HAMILTON ventilators are used in intensive care units, during emergency transport, and in MRI environments. They help medical teams care for adult, pediatric, and neonatal patients worldwide.Here, your work has real impact. Every improvement you make supports better respiratory care for patients around the globe.How you can make a difference:Hamilton Medical seeks an experienced Fullstack Software Engineer to join our growing Digital Solutions Group. In this role, you will develop and maintain applications running on the cloud. You are open to exploring and adapting new technologies and frameworks andwill beactively involved in analyzing, designing, and ensuring the quality of our software.Hamilton Medical is the global leader in respiratory care for intensive care units. We have made it our mission to make the jobs of medical teams easier, and their workflow more effective. Digital Solutions is a new group within Hamilton Medical that offers you the opportunity to significantly impact our products and the way we work. We are open-minded and work across disciplines. You will be part of a product-driven team of professionals.Your Responsibilities:Analysis & design of innovative software solutionsImplementation & testing of new software features, as well as maintenance and operation of released softwareWork closely with other engineers and product managers to deliver high-quality software products.That's what you bring along:To solve these tasks in the best possible way, we envision candidates with a degree in engineering (university / technical college) with in-depth knowledge of technical computer science.At least three years of professional experience inprogramming in C#/.NETExperience in developing cloud-native applicationsProfound knowledge of current frontend technologies (e.g. React)Skills in relational and non-relational databasesAnalytical, independent, and thorough working methodFluent in English, both written and spokenBeneficial Qualifications:Working in a regulated environment: automotive, medtech or related disciplinein test-driven developmentin Azure Serviceswith the CI/CD pipelines targeted to Azure with Docker and Kuberneteswith Azure DevOpsHow to apply:Learn more about career opportunities at Hamilton at Jobs | Hamilton Medical.Do you share our values and feel at home in a cooperative, innovative,and down-to-earth environment? At Hamilton, we not only offer a motivating working environment, but also purposeful workand modern working conditions. Our interactions at eye level encourage open communication and a pleasant working environment. Become part of a team where your skills are valued and innovative ideas are fostered. Interested? Then apply online using the "Apply now" button. If you have any questions, please contact us at
Write an email
with the following details:Reference: JR-5411-fjm/Contact: Juli ThomannApplications by post or e-mail can unfortunately not be considered. jid0298842pn jit0311pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Switzerland
Álláshirdetés jelentése