Cég neve
HUBER+SUHNER AG
Munkavégzés helye
Svájc
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Digital Adoption Specialist
100%
Your tasks
As Digital Adoption Specialist, you will drive digital adoption across the organization by developing and implementing comprehensive adoption programs to enhance user engagement with digital tools. You will create engaging experiences to ensure users can utilize digital tools to their full potential without needing constant support.
Develop and implement user?centric digital adoption strategies to enhance user experience and drive sustainable adoption
Assess user needs, feedback, and usage data to identify and remove barriers to digital adoption
Ensure a strong focus on people, culture, and inclusiveness throughout digital transformation initiatives
Design and deliver engaging digital training and enablement programs based on different learning approaches
Promote hands?on learning, social learning, and self?service enablement across the organization
Support change management initiatives and provide continuous support for new tools and workflows
Act as a key interface between IT and business units to ensure smooth rollouts and transitions
Monitor adoption and training KPIs, gather insights, and continuously optimize adoption and enablement measures
Your profile
Passion for continuous learning and interest in digital adoption and modern training approaches
Degree in Education, IT, Business Administration, or a comparable field
Experience in designing and delivering digital training or enablement programs
Solid understanding of digital tools and technologies in a corporate environment
Strong communication and presentation skills, also in virtual settings
Analytical mindset with the ability to evaluate training effectiveness using data and metrics
Experience with e?learning platforms and LMS solutions
Strong organizational skills and ability to manage multiple initiatives in parallel
Why +SUHNER?
If you enjoy working with people from different cultures, we offer you a challenging and exciting role in a dynamic, international company. Our organization is committed to driving digital adoption and empowering our employees with the tools and knowledge they need to succeed in a rapidly changing digital landscape. You will have the opportunity to play a key role in shaping a supportive and engaging learning environment for all our employees. Join us on our journey to create a digitally proficient and empowered workforce. Apply now!
We can't wait to hear from you!
For further information please contact:
Eisenring
HR Business Partner
jid80145c7pn jit0312pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
HR,
Human Relations
HR
Business Partner
Switzerland
Álláshirdetés jelentése