Cég neve
ARM Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
GIT
DOCKER.
PYTHON
BASH.
LINUX
SECURITY
JIRA
CI.
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
Nem kell tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
GIT
DOCKER.
PYTHON
BASH.
LINUX
SECURITY
JIRA
CI.
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
Nem
kell tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Manage the end-to-end release process, including branch management, software version control, release note documentation, and clear communication with internal and external collaborators.
Drive release automation by enhancing CI/CD pipelines, defect logging and tracking for releases.
Requirements
Experience working with software build systems for embedded platforms, such as Yocto and CMake.
Strong proficiency with tools including Jira, Git and Docker.
Strong experience in defect triage and defect management for system software releases.
Good understanding of CI/CD principles, ideally with hands-on experience in GitLab CI.
Good scripting skills, such as Python and Bash.
Excellent interpersonal skills with consistent track record to deliver projects on time.
Nice-to-have
Experience using Linux, including basic system administration and networking., Familiarity with Security Development Lifecycle (SDL) practices., Awareness of software supply chain compliance (software component analysis, open-source licenses, SBOMs).
What we offer
Join us and make a real impact on the quality of Arm's software!
This is your chance to grow, develop new skills, and build a successful career at a leading technology company.
Hybrid working environment designed to support high performance and personal wellbeing.
Revolutionary benefits including health and wellness, work and life success, financial rewards, and development and support.
Company info
Arm has built the world’s most pervasive compute architecture, and we’ve led many of the technology revolutions that impact the day-to-day lives of people everywhere. We work on technology to transform the future of AI and IoT devices.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése