Cég neve
BlackRock Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
BACKEND
TESTING
SECURITY.
JAVA
DATABASES
SQL
NOSQL
ANALYTICS
SPRING
REACT
ANGULAR
ACCESS
NETWORK
AGILE
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
5-10 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
BACKEND
TESTING
SECURITY.
JAVA
DATABASES
SQL
NOSQL
ANALYTICS
SPRING
REACT
ANGULAR
ACCESS
NETWORK
AGILE
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
5-10
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Design, develop, and maintain scalable web applications and backend services to support trading operations.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams including traders, product managers, and other engineers to define requirements and deliver solutions.
Implement and optimize high-performance APIs, microservices, and data processing pipelines.
Ensure best practices in code quality, testing, deployment, and security.
Troubleshoot and resolve technical issues across the full stack with a focus on reliability and efficiency.
Continuously research and adopt new technologies to improve team productivity and system performance.
Mentor junior engineers and contribute to a positive, innovative team culture.
Requirements
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in computer science, Engineering, or a related technical field.
Minimum 7 years’ proven experience as a Full Stack Engineer, preferably in trading, finance, or similarly complex environments.
Proven experience with object-oriented programming languages such as Java 17+.
Strong knowledge of Data Structures, Object Oriented Programming concepts and design patterns.
Expertise in designing and maintaining RESTful APIs and GraphQL is a plus.
Experience working with databases SQL and NoSQL (Cassandra, Ignite).
Ability to communicate complex technical concepts clearly to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Strong understanding of software development life cycle, agile methodologies, and best engineering practices.
Strong understanding of design patterns in an enterprise environment.
Excellent problem-solving skills and an analytical mindset.
Track record building high quality software with design-focused and test-driven approaches.
Experience taking emotional ownership of the design and development of a significant application, system, or key component.
Ability to form positive relationships with partnering teams, sponsors, and user groups in a distributed team environment.
Nice-to-have
Prior experience working in trading or financial services technology teams., Knowledge of trading protocols, and low-latency systems., Familiarity with data analytics and visualization tools., Experience working with Spring Framework and Spring Boot web services., Experience in modern web frameworks (such as React, Angular)., Fostering a collaborative environment and driving projects to successful completion., Strong leadership and mentorship skills are essential to guide team members and support their professional growth., Experience leading and managing a team of engineers.
What we offer
The chance to make a real impact in a global trading environment.
A collaborative, inclusive team with a focus on professional growth and technical excellence.
Opportunities to work with cutting-edge technologies and complex problem domains.
Support for ongoing training, certification, and career progression.
Resources designed to help you build a sound financial future for you and your family, like retirement savings plans and tuition reimbursement.
Pay-for-performance philosophy includes a base salary and a discretionary annual bonus.
Healthcare plans and resources to support physical health.
Access to an Employee Assistance Program and a network of Mental Health Ambassadors for emotional well-being.
Benefits designed to support life in and outside of work with Flexible Time Off, parental leave and more.
Hybrid work model requiring at least 4 days in office per week with 1 day remote work.
Company info
At BlackRock, we are all connected by one mission: to help more and more people experience financial well-being. Our clients, and the people they serve, are saving for retirement, paying for their children’s educations, buying homes and starting businesses. Their investments also help to strengthen the global economy: support businesses small and large; finance infrastructure projects that connect and power cities; and facilitate innovations that drive progress.
This mission would not be possible without our smartest investment – the one we make in our employees. It’s why we’re dedicated to creating an environment where our colleagues feel welcomed, valued and supported with networks, benefits and development opportunities to help them thrive.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése