Cég neve
MF Group AG
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
6830 Chiasso
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
FRONTEND
BACKEND
REACT
JAVASCRIPT
CSS.
TESTING
AGILE
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Olasz középfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
FRONTEND
BACKEND
REACT
JAVASCRIPT
CSS.
TESTING
AGILE
Angol
középfok és Olasz középfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Senior Frontend Engineer (React) (m/f/d)
MF Group is a Swiss market leader in the Buy Now Pay Later universe and part of Riverty and the globally active Bertelsmann Group. Our solutions contribute to flexible and customer-friendly payment alternatives. We offer consumers the opportunity to choose when and how they want to pay, guaranteeing a steady and predictable cashflow for merchants. With its payment services, which also include credit, prepaid, and gift cards, MF Group serves almost all major physical and online retailers in Switzerland. To further drive our growth, we are looking for a Senior Frontend Engineer (React) (m/f/d) to join our team and help build the next-generation fintech platform.
We are looking for support as a
Senior Frontend Engineer (React) (m/f/d)
(unlimited, full-time) Join our team at our location in Chiasso - flexible working conditions available
Senior Frontend Engineer (React) (m/f/d)
Job Responsibilities
We seek a highly skilled Frontend Engineer with 5+ years of experience in modern web development, primarily focused on React and the frontend ecosystem. In this role, you will face exciting technical challenges in a dynamic, informal environment, contributing to both functional and non-functional requirements from analysis to deployment.
In particular, you will:
Design, develop, test, and ship robust, maintainable, and readable frontend applications using React and modern TypeScript.
Collaborate with Product, UX/UI, and backend teams to create high-quality user experiences.
Improve and simplify our frontend architecture, reducing complexity and maintenance costs.
Monitor our applications in production to identify improvement opportunities.
Contribute to engineering culture by adopting and sharing best practices.
What will help you succeed in this role:
Strong hands-on experience with React, TypeScript, JavaScript, and CSS.
Experience with frontend testing tools (Vitest, React Testing Library, Playwright).
Ability to take ownership from ideation to deployment while balancing technical excellence with business impact.
Passion for shaping frontend architecture and long-term code quality.
Strong collaboration and communication skills in Italian and English.
How to stand out:
Experience with additional frontend frameworks (e.g., ) or design systems.
Experience with automated testing and continuous integration pipelines.
Knowledge of agile principles and best practices (TDD, design patterns, etc.).
Experience mentoring teammates or contributing to team growth.
Prior experience in the FinTech domain.
What we offer:
Immerse yourself in a welcoming, trust-filled atmosphere as part of our agile teams and explore the fantastic opportunities within the Bertelsmann Group
An agile working environment where value is delivered every couple of days
Empower your growth and professional development with Riverty's training sessions and customized development plans. Together, we'll learn, evolve, and achieve success
Experience the best of both worlds with about 40% Home Office, which let you mix on-site teamwork and remote work to create the perfect professional experience that suits your life
Know that you're appreciated with plenty of employee benefits & discounts just for you
Please note that benefits could be different depending on agreement details, and they may change over time. We'd be delighted to explore these benefits in greater depth during an interview.
Main location
Chiasso, Switzerland
Company: MF Group AG | Job ID: 282871 jid78732aepn jit0311pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Switzerland
Álláshirdetés jelentése