Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
SAP
ABAP
JAVA
@SAP.
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
SAP
ABAP
JAVA
@SAP.
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What you`ll do
Summary:
The Role:
As a Cloud Solution Architect (f/m/d), you will position our solution experience at large and strategic SAP customers. You are expected to take ownership for a large portion of a project to be won such as:
Leading customer workshops and analyzing needs for innovation and extensions together with the customer
Preparing a solution proposal and effort estimation in close collaboration with our global development teams
Propose and present solution design and solution architecture to our customers
Drive the project opportunity to deal closure showing deep subject matter expertise
Acting as a trusted advisor for our strategic customers by supporting their cloud transformation to S/4HANA cloud
Meet your team
Cloud Solution Architects support our strategic customers to successfully transform to SAP S/4HANA Cloud and to leverage innovations on SAP BTP. In this context the focus of the team is on the following topic areas:
Plan & design custom specific innovations and extensions for SAP S/4HANA Cloud
Plan & design innovative custom specific solutions on SAP BTP leveraging ML/AI capabilities
Deliver enterprise architecture services with a focus on cloud transformation & BTP adoption
Deliver advisory services for transforming custom specific code and custom specific solutions from existing SAP on-premise installations to S/4HANA Cloud
Requirements
What you bring
The candidate must have a strong consulting and development background with proven experience around the SAP cloud product portfolio and proven experience on multiple customer projects. He/she should have a deep understanding of the SAP cloud technology stacks, in particular SAP Business Technology Platform (BTP) and SAP Joule.
In addition, the candidate should have:
Software architecture and application development experience (ABAP and/or JAVA)
Experience in cloud transformation projects
Strong expertise in artificial intelligence
Strong analytical and communication skills
Fluent German in speaking and writing is a MUST for this position as this is a customer facing role for the MEE region
Fluent English, in speaking and writing
Degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, or related fields
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
All SAP locations in Germany as for example Walldorf (close to Mannheim/Heidelberg), Hamburg, Berlin, Ratingen (close to Düsseldorf), Eschborn (close to Frankfurt), Gerlingen (close to Stuttgart), Garching (close to Munich) are possible.
We win with inclusionSAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 447804 | Work Area: Solution and Product Management | Expected Travel: 20-30% | Career Status: Professional | Employment Type: Regular Full Time | #LI-Hybrid
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
SAP Customer Innovation Services is an organization dedicated to innovating with our customers on cloud-based application extensions and to deliver solutions that address unique business requirements not yet covered by existing SAP standard solutions. As Cloud Solution Architect (f/m/d) you are expected to support our market units in Middle and Eastern Europe including Germany throughout the whole process from deal closure to successful project delivery. SAP Customer Innovation Services looks for an engaged experienced professional (f/m/d) in the role of a Cloud Solution Architect for AI with focus on finance processes.
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Security
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése