Cég neve
KWS SAAT SE & Co. KGaA
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
You test the myKWS platform and digital farming tools (e.g. variable rate seeding, CONVISO Application Manager) continuously and proactively. With your agricultural background, you find and address technical bugs and potential for an improved user experience. You support the team in providing a high-performing customer platform and digital tools.
You support the rollout of the myKWS digital tools and assist marketing colleagues by answering questions related to the platform.
In our team you gain work experience in agile project management and in collaboration with external marketing agencies and IT developers.
Requirements
You are an enrolled student in Agronomy, Agricultural Sciences, Agricultural Engineering, Business, Marketing, or a comparable field.
Ideally, you have a
strong connection to agriculture
– through your studies, practical experience, or personal background.
You are interested in digital solutions for agriculture, marketing, and sales.
You have good user knowledge of Microsoft Office products.
You work independently, structured, and proactively.
You are fluent in English; German is a plus.
What we offer
Insights into an international company at the forefront of agricultural innovation.
The opportunity to work in a small, motivated team developing digital farming solutions for global markets.
Exciting projects with a steep learning curve where you can contribute your ideas and take ownership.
The possibility to write your thesis with us.
An open and collaborative company culture with a supportive team environment.
Flexible working hours and hybrid work options, especially during exam periods.
Company info
KWS is one of the world's leading plant breeding companies. Nearly 5,000 employees in more than 70 countries generated net sales of around €1.68 billion in the fiscal year 2023/2024. A company with a tradition of family ownership, KWS has operated independently for almost 170 years. It focuses on plant breeding and the production and sale of seed for sugarbeet, corn, cereals, vegetables, oilseed rape and sunflower. KWS uses leading-edge plant breeding methods to continuously improve yield for farmers and plants' resistance to diseases, pests and abiotic stress. To that end, the company invested more than €300 million last fiscal year in research and development.
At
KWS SAAT SE & Co. KGaA
, we are shaping the future of agriculture. As a
Working Student in Digital Farming Solutions
, you will support the development and rollout of innovative digital tools that help farmers make better decisions in the field.
In this role, you will be part of our
Digital Farming team
and gain insights into how digital solutions for agriculture are developed, tested, and implemented globally. Your
agricultural mindset and practical understanding of farming
will help ensure that our digital tools truly meet farmers' needs.
If you are curious about the intersection of
agriculture, technology, and digital innovation
, this role offers a unique opportunity to gain hands-on experience.
We are looking for someone who can support us
for at least 6 months with up to 20 hours per week
, starting
April 1st, 2026
, at our headquarters in
Einbeck
.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Marketing,
Media, PR
Marketing
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése