Cég neve
Betsson Group
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
BACKEND
TESTING
C
DOCKER
AWS.
SCRUM
AUTOMATED TESTS
TEST AUTOMATION
JMETER.
AGILE
SOFTWARE TESTING
Biztosított eszközök
Mobiltelefon
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
Nem kell tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
BACKEND
TESTING
C
DOCKER
AWS.
SCRUM
AUTOMATED
TESTS
TEST
AUTOMATION
JMETER.
AGILE
SOFTWARE
TESTING
Mobiltelefon
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
Nem
kell tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Develop a deep knowledge of our product to identify weaknesses and enhance the effectiveness of our testing, ensuring the highest quality standards.
Be an integral part of a Scrum team to add value to our product.
Together with the members of the Scrum team, design and develop automated tests using industry-standard tools to ensure reliability and increased confidence in product updates.
Play an active role in the ongoing requirement definition and growth of our product.
Promote a quality mindset through coaching and close collaboration with the team.
Implement and maintain test automation frameworks using latest technologies and best practices focusing on maintainability and reusability.
Conduct root cause analysis of issues to provide detailed and actionable feedback.
Improve the Software Delivery process to enable the team to deliver high-quality Increments faster, aiming for Continuous Deployment.
Requirements
Experience with at least one Object-Oriented Programming language, preferably C#.
Understanding of RESTful APIs and experience with testing these APIs.
Experience with non-functional testing using tools like K6 or JMeter.
Working in Agile teams with a shift-left mentality in testing.
Good understanding of software testing processes and techniques.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to troubleshoot and debug complex issues.
Strong verbal and written communication skills – including communicating cross-functionally and across management levels.
Nice-to-have
Exposure to working in an event-based microservice architecture., Implementing quality gates in CI/CD tools like Github Actions or TeamCity., Experience with Docker, Kubernetes, and AWS., Experience in the iGaming industry., Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent., Professional Scrum Master™ I (PSM I) certification.
What we offer
Fitness-wellness allowance
Company mobile phone for private use with 100 GB
Annual HUF devaluation compensation
Hybrid model: 3 days in the office & 2 days from home
Private Health Insurance
Career development
Technical and soft-skill training opportunities
Breakfast, fruits & lunch
Team building events
Company info
Founded in 1963, Betsson Group is a global sports betting and gaming operator focused on customer experience, responsible operations and sustainable growth.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése