Cég neve
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited Frankfurt Branch
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY
PROJECT MANAGEMENT.
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok és
Kínai felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT.
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok és Kínai felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Responsibility for all information security issues within the institution and with regard to third parties.
Ensuring that information security objectives and measures defined in the institution's IT strategy, information security policy, and information security guidelines are transparent both within the institution and for third parties, and that compliance with them is reviewed and monitored.
Supporting and advising the management board in defining and updating the information security policy, including assistance in resolving conflicting objectives.
Compiling information security guidelines and, where appropriate, other relevant regulations, as well as monitoring compliance; managing and coordinating the institution's information security processes and overseeing the involvement of IT service providers.
Supporting the development and updating of contingency plans with regard to information security-related issues.
Initiating and monitoring the implementation of information security measures.
Monitoring and ensuring compliance with information security requirements in projects.
Acting as a point of contact for all information security-related inquiries from within the institution and from third parties.
Examining information security incidents and reporting them to the management board.
Initiating and coordinating information security awareness activities and training sessions.
Requirements
5 years or more experience in Information Security management.
In-depth knowledge of the relevant legal regulations governing the job.
Extensive experiences in project management.
Certified Information Security Officer.
Professional verbal and written fluency in English, Chinese and German.
What we offer
Central Location: Your workplace is situated in the heart of Frankfurt Westend.
Long-Term Perspective: We are continuously growing and offer our colleagues a long-term career perspective with us.
Opportunities for Cross-border Training: We offer training programs and ICBC global events in China.
Extras: multicultural work environment, regular company events with colleagues.
Company info
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (“ICBC” Group) as the largest bank in China is one of the leading brands in the banking and financial service sector worldwide. With over 400,000 employee in over 30 countries, we are constantly looking for new talents to join our team
Established in 1999, ICBC Frankfurt Branch plays a key role by providing a wide range of financial services to local clients and contributing to the global strategic positioning of the Group.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Security
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése