Cég neve
PiNCAMP GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
HARDWARE
AGILE
Biztosított eszközök
Workstation
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német középfok és
Holland középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
HARDWARE
AGILE
Workstation
Angol
felsőfok és Német középfok és Holland középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Camping is booming and we want to become Europe's leading camping portal. As a working student in our Product team, you will help us to continuously improve the UX & UI of our website and apps and actively shape features used by thousands of campers.
In particular your tasks will be:
To translate product ideas into wireframes and prototypes using Figma
To design polished UI solutions that go live as part of our agile sprints
To ship user-centric solutions you will collaborate closely with Product Managers and Developers
And to support the team with ad-hoc design tasks, e.g. creating icons, visuals, or presentation assets
You will join a supportive and experienced Product team that values ownership, feedback, and continuous learning. We work closely together, challenge each other's ideas, and create an environment where you can grow both strategically and craft-wise.
Requirements
You are currently studying Digital Design, UX, Interaction Design or a similar field and you will study for at least 3 more semesters
You are available to support us for 15-20 hours per week
You have already gained hands-on experience working on digital products and using Figma
You can demonstrate your design process and impact in your portfolio
You are fluent in English (German or Dutch would be a nice plus) and your place of residence is the greater Berlin area
Please include a link to your portfolio highlighting projects beyond purely academic coursework.
What we offer
Regular feedback as well as internal and external training, e.g. at our PiNCAMP Academy
A steep learning curve from day one, flat hierarchies, quick decisions, room for creative ideas and new impulses
Flexible working hours, home office, work abroad, hybrid working
A good mix of agile start-up and grown professional structures
Health promotion, e.g. through subsidies for Urban Sports Club or ergonomic workstations, free fruit, vegetables and muesli
A camper for your short trip or vacation
Best hardware of your choice, modern tools
Modern office in the heart of Berlin with excellent public transport connections and a rooftop terrace for fresh air and sun-bathing
A motivated, cross-functional team that values design as a strategic partner
An appreciative work culture and atmosphere in an international team
Regular company parties and events
Snacks and drinks
Various employee discounts, e.g. Travel Industry Card
Company info
PiNCAMP is the camping startup of ADAC, ANWB and TCS - in Germany, the Netherlands and Switzerland, as well as throughout Europe. An international team of more than 80 digital experts digitises the camping industry by combining the experience and reputation of our shareholders with the speed of an agile start-up. Our goal is to be Europe's leading camping platform. For our further growth we are looking for passionate hands-on people who want to grow with us and are eager to build an excellent product for campers and campsites alike.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
UI-,
UX designer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése