Cég neve
Leibniz-Rechenzentrum (LRZ) der Bayerischen Akademie der Wissenschaften
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
C
C++
SECURITY
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
C
C++
SECURITY
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
You are looking for an employer you can count on? Join us!
HPC Application Specialist for Performance Analysis
and Energy Efficiency (f/m/d)
Your Role and Responsibilities:
Performance analysis of user codes and guidelines for optimization
Benchmarking time-to-solution and energy-to-solution
Optimizing HPC operational parameter towards energy efficiency
Assessment of performance portability
Guiding scientists through the optimization process
Documentation of tools and best practices
Requirements
Degree in computer science, computational science, mathematics, physics or related disciplines
Experience with HPC applications on TIER1/TIER2 systems
Programming experience with a higher-level languages (C/C++, FORTRAN)
Knowledge of parallelization with OpenMP and/or MPI
Knowledge of accelerator programming paradigms, e.g., CUDA, OpenMP, OpenACC, SYCL, KOKKOS
Preferred Qualifications:
Understanding of optimization techniques for high-performance computing
Knowledge of tools for instrumentation and performance analysis
Experience with benchmarking and scaling tests
Experience working with scientists and engineers in academia or industry
What we offer
Area
High-Performance Computing
Working time
full time (40 hrs) / part-time possible
flexible working model with electronic time recording
Term of the contract
31.12.2028, a further employment is intended
Remuneration
up to E 13, see
Entgelttabelle TV-L
Annual leave / compensatory time off
30 days
(24.12. + 31.12. additionally day off)
Overtime is compensated by additional time off
Further trainings
Individual support for in-service training and further education
Mobile work
up to 60% of work time, when applicable
Benefits
e.g. JobBike Bayern, bus and subway (U6) on the doorstep, free parking, pension plan of the Versorgungsanstalt des Bundes und der Länder (VBL), state-of-the-art work equipment, Cooperation Agreement with Sports Facility Providers for Discounted Membership
What can you find with us?
Are you looking for a multifaceted and intellectually stimulating position in a dynamic, cooperative and innovative work environment? Then LRZ is the place to be for you! Here at LRZ a collegial, appreciative work environment meets an international crowd of experts who work together to advance IT services for ground-breaking research. We offer flexible work schemes for an optimal work-life balance. Our staff values their creative leeway. As an institute of the Bavarian Academy of Science and Humanities we offer all the benefits of public service. And of course, no wishes remain unfulfilled at the LRZ in terms of technical equipment. We share experiences, constantly review and improve our processes, and are proud that our service-quality and data-security are regularly certified and rated highly. We actively promote diversity and welcome applications from talented individuals, regardless of cultural background, nationality, ethnicity, gender and sexual identity, physical abilities, religion and age. We give priority to applications from people with disabilities who are equally qualified (SGB IX).
Company info
Since 1962, Bavarian universities and research institutions have relied on the IT expertise of the Leibniz Supercomputing Centre of the Bavarian Academy of Sciences and Humanities. When it comes to the digital transformation of science, we are traditionally ahead of the game.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése