Cég neve
BMW Group
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
SECURITY
AGILE
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
SECURITY
AGILE
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
INNOVATION IS IMAGINING WHAT NO ONE ELSE CAN.
At the BMW Group, everything starts with passion. It turns a profession into a vocation. It drives us to keep reinventing mobility and bring innovative ideas onto the roads. Enthusiasm for joint projects turns a team into a strong unit where every opinion is valued. It is only when expertise, highly professional processes and enjoyment of work unite that we can shape the future together.
Requirements
What should you bring along?
University degree in (business) informatics with a focus on AI or a comparable qualification.
At least five years of experience in designing and implementing complex AI and data architectures with in-depth knowledge of modern cloud and platform architectures as well as building scalable AI and data solutions.
Experience in deploying and co-developing cross-organizational platform solutions.
Comprehensive knowledge of data integration, orchestration, quality and governance, with an understanding of IT-security, data protection and compliance in handling sensitive data.
Experience in technical leadership and working in an agile environment, with the ability to explain complex topics clearly, with strong communication and consulting skills. Independent and solution-oriented working style.
Very good German and English skills.
Are you ready to drive the AI transformation at BMW with us? Apply now!
Find out more about Artificial Intelligence at the BMW Group here.
Note:
Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications through other channels (especially e-mail) cannot be considered.
What we offer
What do we offer?
Challenging projects with which we shape the mobility of tomorrow together.
Wide range of personal and professional development opportunities.
Attractive, fair and performance-related remuneration.
High level of job security.
Annual special payments such as vacation pay, Christmas bonus, and profit sharing.
Flexible working hours including six weeks annual leave and overtime compensation.
Discounted BMW & MINI conditions.
Many other benefits at bmw.jobs/benefits
Earliest starting date:
from now on
Type of employment:
unlimited
Working hours:
full-time
If you apply, the next steps in the selection process include an online test and subsequent interviews with the hiring manager (either virtually or in person).
Stellenreferenz:
173722
Company info
Mit unseren Marken BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce und BMW Motorrad sind wir einer der weltweit führenden Premium-Hersteller von Automobilen sowie Motorrädern und darüber hinaus Anbieter von Premium-Finanz- und Mobilitätsdienstleistungen.
Am Standort
München
suchen wir Sie als
Senior AI & Data Architect (f/m/x)
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése