Cég neve
Fresenius Digital Technology GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ANALYTICS
AZURE
SQL
SECURITY
TESTING
CD
CLOUD
PYTHON
GIT
PANDAS
DEVOPS
SAP
CI
REST
PROJECT MANAGEMENT.
AGILE
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ANALYTICS
AZURE
SQL
SECURITY
TESTING
CD
CLOUD
PYTHON
GIT
PANDAS
DEVOPS
SAP
CI
REST
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT.
AGILE
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Design and implement scalable data engineering and analytics solutions in Azure and Databricks.
Translate business and user requirements into technical architecture, concepts, implementation and roadmaps.
Build and optimize ETL / ELT pipelines for ingestion and transformation of structured and unstructured data into the data lake.
Develop reusable data models, transformations, and pipelines using
Databricks, DBT, and PySpark
.
Optimize performance and reliability with
Delta Lake
and Databricks SQL.
Set up and maintain data governance, security, and compliance standards in Azure.
Provide technical consulting and support to stakeholders, ensuring adoption and best practices.
Contribute to project scoping, effort estimation, and architecture design.
Ensure quality through testing, documentation, CI / CD practices, and monitoring.
Provide application support and collaborate in international teams.
Requirements
University degree in Computer Science, Data Engineering, Data Science, Business Informatics, or a related field.
Several years of professional experience as a
Data Engineer / Analytics Consultant
in an enterprise environment.
Strong expertise in
Azure Cloud Services
, including:
Azure Data Lake Storage (ADLS Gen2), permissions, architecture, integration.
Azure SDKs for Python, REST APIs, OAuth2 authentication, service principals & managed identities.
(Optional) Azure Data Factory for pipeline orchestration.
Hands-on experience with
Databricks
(PySpark, SQL, Delta Lake, workflows).
Solid knowledge of
DBT
for modular SQL modeling, testing, and Git-based project management.
Excellent
Python
development skills (PySpark, pandas, requests, automation).
Strong
SQL
expertise (Databricks SQL, T-SQL, ANSI SQL), including query optimization and performance tuning.
Understanding of
data modeling
(star schema, snowflake schema), ETL / ELT best practices, and data governance in Azure.
Experience with
CI / CD pipelines
(Azure DevOps, GitHub Actions) and testing frameworks (Great Expectations).
Familiarity with
SAP BW
and SAP
Datasphere
is a big plus.
Strong problem-solving and communication skills, with the ability to work in agile teams and international contexts.
Excellent written and verbal English skills, good German skills are a plus.
What we offer
A professional, highly motivated team in a global, modern IT environment.
Exciting projects with cutting-edge cloud and analytics technologies.
The opportunity to shape and enhance our central data platform.
Company info
Fresenius – Committed to life!
We save and improve human lives with affordable, accessible, and innovative healthcare products and the highest quality in clinical care.
Our company comprises the operating business segments Fresenius Kabi and Fresenius Helios. With 140 hospitals and numerous outpatient facilities, Fresenius Helios is the leading private hospital operator in Germany and Spain, treating around 26 million patients each year. Fresenius Kabi's product portfolio includes a range of highly complex biopharmaceuticals, clinical nutrition, medical devices and generic intravenous drugs, serving 450 million people annually.
At Fresenius, we develop and deliver data-driven solutions across business disciplines with passion and expertise. Our Analytics Solutions team operates in a dynamic, international environment where modern technologies, innovative thinking, and collaboration are at the core. We are looking for a
Senior Consultant Data Lake & Analytics Solutions (m/f/d)
to strengthen our team and drive the design, development, and implementation of cutting-edge analytics solutions on our central data platform.
As part of our Analytics Solutions team, you will work closely with stakeholders to deliver end-to-end data solutions—from data integration and engineering to analytics and reporting. You will consult, design, and implement best practices while also ensuring smooth operations and continuous improvement.
This position can be filled in Germany or Poland.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése