Cég neve
Mercedes-Benz AG
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
TESTING
CHANGE MANAGEMENT
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
JIRA
CONFLUENCE
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
TESTING
CHANGE
MANAGEMENT
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
JIRA
CONFLUENCE
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
The Mercedes-Benz Group AG is one of the most successful automotive companies in the world. Together with Mercedes-Benz AG, the vehicle manufacturer is one of the largest providers of premium and luxury cars and vans.
The Mercedes-Benz E-Commerce Team and Privacy Management Team for Passenger Cars have the objective to guarantee the best customer experience in order to achieve high and long-term customer loyalty. Therefore, we place the customer at the center of all our Mercedes-Benz activities, standardize processes, support the implementation of the E-commerce system, and steer the change management process in our markets.
We are located in offices in Stuttgart-Vaihingen. Our brand-new facilities, designed with an open office/free seating principle, provide the perfect infrastructure for our tasks. With our convincing and positive attitude, you will feel right at home as a team player within our international team. We expect you to learn, be open, make your own decisions, and take responsibility.
These challenges await you:
Assist and support our international project teams within the E-Commerce & Privacy Management Team located in Germany, Portugal, and India
Support the Product Managers with the Privacy Center Rollout to new markets (communication and translation management)
Project management tasks: Assist in the planning and organization of meetings and workshops
Testing management: Test the functionality of the Privacy Center, our e-commerce solutions, and our AI search in various markets
Collaborate with other departments (e.g., Financial Services, After-Sales, IT, Marketing, Legal, etc.)
Manage project-related communication platforms (Jira and Confluence)
Research Consent Management and other e-Commerce trends and competitor activities in the area of legal and compliant implementation of regulations in different markets
The activity can begin from april 2026.
Requirements
Working towards a Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Business Administration, IT, IT and Business Management, UX Design, Economics, or a similar degree
Good knowledge of English (written and spoken) and German (written and spoken)
Ideally, previous relevant experience in project management, communication, and IT
Possess good analytical skills and a structured way of working
A flexible, communicative, and proactive person with intercultural competencies
Please note that your internship at this location must be mandatory.
Additional Information:
We look forward to receiving your online application, including a resume, cover letter, certificates, current certificate of enrollment stating your semester, proof of mandatory internship if applicable, and proof of the standard period of study. Please remember to mark your documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form and observe the maximum file size of 5 MB.
You can find further information on the hiring criteria
here
.
Severely disabled applicants and applicants with equivalent status are welcome! The representative for severely disabled employees (
HR Services will be happy to help you with any questions you may have about the application process. You can reach us by email at
What we offer
Meal-Discounts
Mobile Phone for Employees Possible
Discounts for Employees Possible
Annual Profit Share Possible
Events for Employees
Coaching
Flextime Possible
Hybrid Work Possible
Health Benefits
Company Retirement
Mobility Offers
Canteen, Café
Good Public Transport
Barrier-Free Workplace
Parking
Near-Site Childcare
Inhouse Doctor
Company info
Life is always about becoming… Becoming means going on a journey to be the best version of our future selves. While we discover new things, we will face challenges, master them and grow beyond our individual limits.
Apply for a job at Mercedes-Benz and find your individual role and workspace to unleash your talents to the fullest. Empowered by visionary colleagues who share the same pioneering spirit. Joining us means becoming part of a global team that aims to build the most desirable cars in the world. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: MER0003V2R
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Project
Management
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése