Cég neve
MŰISZ Iskolaszövetkezet
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest XIII. kerület
Fizetés
Br.
2 200 Ft/óra bér
Számolja ki a nettó fizetést bérkalkulátorunkkal!
Bérkalkulátor
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Diákmunka
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
NETWORK
MS OFFICE
EXCEL
Biztosított eszközök
Laptop
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Magyar anyanyelvi szint
Nem kell tapasztalat
Középiskola

Diákmunka
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
NETWORK
MS
OFFICE
EXCEL
Laptop
Angol
középfok és Magyar anyanyelvi szint
Nem
kell tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Céginformáció
Work and grow your career at Schneider Electric!
Schneider Electric's purpose is to empower all to make the most of our energy and resources, bridging progress and sustainability - we call this Life Is On. Grow and expand your career at Schneider Electric! Our goal is to provide digital energy and automation solutions for energy efficiency and sustainability. We combine the world's leading energy technologies, real-time automation, software and services into integrated solutions available in homes, buildings, data centers, infrastructures and industries.
We are committed to our core values: #innovation #equality #sustainability. For more information about us, click on
Join us, be part of creating a sustainable future with Schneider Electric's energy and digital solutions!  Great people make Schneider Electric a great company - and we are now looking to expand our Digital team with an Intern.
Feladatok
Work Environment:
Within Digital Global Supply Chain Europe, in collaboration with members of the Digital Smart Supply Chain team, we are responsible for deploying innovative offers and applications to improve the efficiency and productivity of our industrial sites.
We are a team of 8 people spread over 3 major activities:
•Business Relationship Management
•Supply chain application portfolio management
•Deployment of innovative digital applications
What you will do:
As part of the ambitious objectives of digital transformation, and digital and innovative applications, you will be in charge of:
•Take note of the annual deployment roadmap
•Understand the needs and priorities of business requesters (factories, business correspondents)
•Contribute to the deployment of applications for which you will be responsible
•Monitoring and coordination with industrial sites where digital solutions are deployed
•Provision the infrastructure necessary for these deployments (on premise or cloud)
•Perform resource connectivity requests
•Provide the necessary information for network segmentation
•Respect and enforce the cybersecurity rules governed by the Schneider Electric group
•Prioritize requests with the support of team members and the manager
•Certify and manage the applications for which you are responsible
•Support industrial sites in “hypercare” mode after the deployment phase
Elvárások
•Ongoing university studies in Hungary in IT field (Applications, Infrastructure, Cybersecurity)
•Possible commitment for at least 1 year with minimum 1-year active student status
•Advanced Hungarian and English knowledge (fluent speaking and writing)
•You have advanced digital skills, confidence, and experience with MS Office with strong focus on Excel skills (essential)
•High interested in IT and digital related topics
•Open, proactive and love being challenged
•It is a plus, if you have already gained some work experience in this field, but don’t worry, if you don’t have any - apply and gain your first experiences here, at Schneider Electric
Amit kínálunk
What we offer:
•Flexible and hybrid working schedule: minimum 20-30hours/week, with a possibility of home office, (office presence required 3 times/week, flexible to your schedule)
•Gross salary: 2200 HUF/hour
•We provide a laptop/cell phone for your work
•Working at one of the most sustainable corporations in the world
•Opportunity to learn with the guidance of both experienced and junior members
•International, diverse environment and a company culture that encourages raising questions and ideas - to make an impact
•Real future career building opportunities locally & globally
•Working directly with international and multicultural teams in an international company
We are looking forward for you to join our team!
Bérezés:
2200 Ft/óra
Jelentkezés módja
Please click the Apply button to send your application.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Project
Management
Pest
county
Szigetszentmiklós
Álláshirdetés jelentése