Cég neve
N26 GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a mid-level Quality Engineer in the Banking Foundations domain, you will be at the heart of N26's mission to provide secure and compliant banking services. You will work specifically on Customer Identity verification, ensuring that our foundation of trust with customers and regulators remains frictionless and innovative. This role is vital for enabling sustainable growth through proactive risk management and seamless customer support.
In This Role You Will:
Advocate the quality culture in cross-functional teams and make sure that good testing practices are present and followed.
Design, develop and maintain test cases and other test documentation for our Android, iOS and Web applications.
Establish testing as an integral part of the development process within
cross-functional teams.
Coach engineers on testing practices and ensure the whole team is responsible for quality.
Develop maintainable automated checks in collaboration with other engineering disciplines.
Proactively suggest improvements to the quality of our tools, services, and products.
Use exploratory testing techniques to discover and prevent issues, report bugs, and follow up on their resolution.
Requirements
At least 3 years of relevant experience in software testing and quality engineering.
A holistic view of quality, ensuring the consistent delivery of quality products by your team.
Proven experience implementing testing strategies in fast-paced agile
environments.
Demonstrated experience in testing Mobile (Android & iOS), Web, and
Microservice applications.
Solid coding background in Java, Kotlin, JavaScript, or similar.
Deep understanding of Clean Code and SOLID design principles as the root of your software craftsmanship.
Ability to build and maintain test automation frameworks based on industry-leading tools like Appium, Rest-Assured, Gatling, or Cypress.
Knowledge of how to measure quality and gather metrics to demonstrate continuous improvement.
Excellent debugging and analytical skills with professional English speaking proficiency.
Familiarity with Jira, TestRail, or similar issues and test case management tools.
Experience with Compliance in Software Development is considered a plus.
What we offer
This is a Hybrid role based in Barcelona or Berlin.
What's in it for you:
Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe's most talked about disruptors .
Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness & wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.
As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.
A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.
Equal Opportunities:
We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.
We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to
Company info
About the opportunity
Who we are
N26 has reimagined banking for today's digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it's how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.
We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.
We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Bank,
Insurance, Brokering
Bank,
Insurance Agent
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése