Cég neve
KWS SAAT SE & Co. KGaA
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ANALYTICS
R
PYTHON
POWERBI
ACCESS
NETWORK
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ANALYTICS
R
PYTHON
POWERBI
ACCESS
NETWORK
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What should you expect during the 2-year program?
Stretch Rotations
You will boost your strategic thinking and influencing skills having the sole responsibility of planning, overseeing, and executing 4 exciting data science projects. The projects will be supported by different teams, giving you the chance to rotate through different KWS business and therefore understand how they operate. You will be in touch and learn how to deal with several types of data. We will also encourage and support you to pursue one of your project rotations abroad in one of the several KWS locations around the world, if a suitable opportunity arises.
Mentorship
You will be mentored by the Head of Digital Field technology and Data Analytics who will support your personal and professional growth.
Training & Development
In addition to the company general onboarding, you will join an exclusive onboarding for KWS Graduate program where you will learn how to think strategically, display leadership qualities, manage a project and communicate effectively. You will tour the KWS headquarters as well as our renowned R&D center, and state-of-the-art breeding station's and have a frontline experience by taking part in field work. To ensure your continuous learning throughout the program, you will have the chance to attend program-sponsored trainings that will provide you with the foundations you will need to enhance your professional skills and be set up for success throughout your Graduate rotations.
KWS Graduate Community
Every 6 months during project intervals, you will get together with your fellow graduates and spend time sharing trainings, best-practices, meeting KWS leaders, engaging in alumni events and social responsibility projects, if the opportunity arises.
Requirements
Why are you a good fit for our Growing with Data Program?
You hold a
Master's or MBA in STEM areas
related to Data Science, Bioinformatics, Statistics, or Information Technology.
Working with
data is your passion
and extracting value out of is a must.
You have
demonstrated leadership potential
via academic or extracurricular activities (as taking part in a political or non-profit organization, active membership with a student club, leadership experience in a university/community/work setting and/or engagement in a project).
You have a good knowledge of
Python and/or R
. Additional knowledge of
Viz tools would be a plus (PowerBi, DASH, Spotfire, Qlik).
You are keen on joining a career in the agricultural industry and looking forward to developing our business.
This will be your first full-time job after your studies, or you are in early professional steps of your corporative career.
You embrace diversity and had some
experience
working
within cross-functional or multi-national projects
. Time spent overseas (to study, or work) is a plus.
Being fluent in English language is mandatory, any additional languages would be an asset.
You should be
available for full-time work by October 2026
and be available for assessments March – June 2026.
What we offer
This is what you can look forward to
30 days of paid vacation
, a
38-hour working week
with
flexible working hours
and
remote work options within Germany
; overtime can be compensated with time off
Attractive
remuneration package
, including holiday and Christmas bonuses,
relocation and visa support
, as well as subsidies for public transport (job ticket)
Close proximity to the university city of Göttingen and good train connections, with the train station located right next to KWS
Exclusive employee benefits
, including discounts from numerous partner companies via Corporate Benefits, Hansefit sports, and
access to cultural and sporting events
An
international environment
within a
familiar atmosphere
of a headquarters to build your network and all connections you need to develop in combination with a lot of international colleagues
As a
family-owned company
, we are guided by the values of
team spirit, trust, independence, and vision
. This culture is lived every day and creates a welcoming and supportive working atmosphere from day one
Make yourself grow – we offer
tailored learning and development opportunities
, especially for graduates, with a focus on early leadership skills, project management, and business-related topics
Intensive onboarding program
– gain deep insights into KWS by learning about our
business, strategy, and leadership
, through
exclusive meetings with senior management, site visits
, exposure to different parts of the organization, and networking with former graduates
Company info
KWS is one of the world's leading plant breeding companies. Nearly 5,000 employees in more than 70 countries generated net sales of around €1.68 billion in the fiscal year 2023/2024. A company with a tradition of family ownership, KWS has operated independently for almost 170 years. It focuses on plant breeding and the production and sale of seed for sugarbeet, corn, cereals, vegetables, oilseed rape and sunflower. KWS uses leading-edge plant breeding methods to continuously improve yield for farmers and plants' resistance to diseases, pests and abiotic stress. To that end, the company invested more than €300 million last fiscal year in research and development.
Program for business-oriented data scientists
Start at KWS – Growing with Data
Together we address the growing global food demand.
The Growing with Data Program is an entry door for ambitious data scientists who are interested in technology, business, and leadership and have a strong vision on how to pave our way towards a world with more sustainable agriculture.
Population growth, climate change and shrinking per-capita acreage.
Join in and solve these challenges with us. KWS spends a large portion of its revenue on research. Drones robotics, IoT and artificial intelligence are being used to increase our data accessibility. Together with new breeding technologies, as genomic selection and genome editing, we are constantly innovating the way we develop new plant varieties to the market, and how we partner with farmers to provide them with the best recommendations. The future of agriculture is already here. Come and be a part of it.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése