Cég neve
Oerlikon Balzers
Munkavégzés helye
Iramali 18, 9496 Balzers, Liechtenstein
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol középfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
Angol
középfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
For our Software Team Thin Film Engineering in Balzers we are looking for a
Senior Software Architect (gn)
Your Tasks
Define and evolve the architectural runway for our software landscape for our thin-film coating machines and services
Develop innovative architectural concepts and translate them into actionable implementation plans
Create conceptual models, feasibility studies, prototypes, and decision documents
Break down concepts into practical deliverables and support implementation
Review and guide implementations
Drive digitalization initiatives and introduce state-of-the-art technologies and processes
Act as a trusted advisor to engineering leadership, project management, IT
Ihr Profil:
Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related technical field
6–10 years of experience in software development projects
At least 2 years of experience in a Software Architect role
Broad and deep knowledge of modern software technologies and architectural patterns
Strong analytical skills with the ability to simplify and communicate complex topics
Fluent in English, German an advantage
Oerlikon is a global leader in surface technologies and advanced materials. With a unique portfolio spanning surface engineering, high-performance materials, coating equipment and components, we make products better by enhancing performance, efficiency and sustainability. Oerlikon serves a wide range of industries, including aerospace, automotive, energy, medical, luxury, semiconductors and tooling. Head-quartered in Pfäffikon, Switzerland, Oerlikon operates in 38 countries with approximately 9,500 employees, achieving sales of CHF 1.6 billion in 2024.
We offer a wide variety of job profiles in a dynamic, supportive environment where people are empowered to grow and reach their full potential — guided by our core values of integrity, team spirit, excellence and innovation.
Can you identify with this position and are you looking for a new challenge? Then we are eager to meet you! Please apply online.
, HR Manager Liechtenstein +423 388 66 88 jidb685a7dpn jit0311pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Abroad
Álláshirdetés jelentése