Cég neve
Universitätsklinikum Köln (AöR)
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PYTHON
MACHINE LEARNING
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
PYTHON
MACHINE
LEARNING
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
development of computational methods and processing pipelines for large image datasets
application of existing and development of new analytical and ML solutions
data visualization and communication
work in close collaboration with our medical collaboration partners
managing the project in terms of data organization and analysis
Requirements
MSc degree in computer science, physics, bioinformatics, or a related field
excellence in programming (python)
proven experience with deep learning
experience with computation on cluster architectures is a plus
great communication skills, capacity of working in a team and in an interdisciplinary environment
What we offer
opportunity to apply and develop cutting-edge machine learning and computational technologies to resolve timely medical and scientific problems
collaborative, and international multi-disciplinary working environment where colloquial and working language is English
development and networking through participation in workshop and conferences both ML and biology or medicine Please visit
to learn more about the group-s interests and ongoing research.
Company info
Your future with us
We are one of the leading university hospitals in Germany and network research, teaching and health care at the highest level. That's why many things are a lot bigger for us: the spectrum of exciting development opportunities. The limitless openness with which specialists from all over the world work together here. Or our commitment as an employer to support all employees as best we can in reconciling their job with their goals and life situations.
This is the University Hospital of Cologne: Everything but ordinary.
We are looking to support our rapidly growing team as soon as possible:
PhD student (f/m/x) in image analysis in cancer research
Biomedizinische Informatik – AG Bozek
29 h / week (75,32 %)
limited for 3,5 years according to WissZeitVG (Third-party funded project)
Your salary will be based on TV-L
Your future in detail
Located at the biomedical campus of the University of Cologne the “Data Science of Bioimages lab- is working on data-intensive problems in biomedicine by combining machine learning, statistical and other computational methods. Image data and deep learning solutions represent key focus of our research. Embedded in the thriving biomedical research hub of Cologne, we are involved in scientific collaborations with partners across medical disciplines and address questions ranging from histopathology of cancer to behavioral changes in neurodegenerative diseases. As a part of the Collaborative Research Center 1310 “Predictability of Evolution- we are involved in a large study of cancer evolution of resistance to chemotherapeutic treatment. In a close collaboration with the Pathology Institute of the hospital, we will analyze a large set of patient samples in the search of molecular and morphological factors that drive cancer resistance to neoadjuvant therapy. We are looking for a PhD candidate to perform the data analysis on this project.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése