Cég neve
HDI AG
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SCRUM
AGILE
­CI­
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SCRUM
AGILE
­CI­
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Enable high-performing teams by fostering a culture of collabora­tion, ownership, and continuous improve­ment
Facilitate Scrum and scaled agile events (e.g., Sprint Planning, Reviews, Retro­spectives, PI Planning) and ensure they create real value for the team and stake­holders
Empower teams to take owner­ship for delivery, supporting them in improving predict­ability, flow, and outcome orientation
Coach teams and individuals in agile ways of working, helping them continuously improve their collabora­tion, transparency, and effectiveness
Act as an agile leader who removes impediments, protects the team from distractions, and creates an environment where teams can thrive
Partner closely with Product Owners and stake­holders to strengthen clarity of priorities, value delivery, and effective backlog management
Use data and metrics (e.g., flow metrics, predict­ability, team health indicators) to enable evidence-based improvement
Leverage modern tools and AI capabilities to improve team productivity, learning, and delivery effectiveness
Contribute to the continuous evolution of the Scrum Master community, sharing learnings, best practices, and driving innovation in the role
Requirements
You are passionate about empowering teams to perform at their best and creating an environment where collaboration, ownership, and continuous improvement thrive
You have solid experience working as a Scrum Master, Agile Coach, or in a similar role within agile product development environments
You bring a strong under­standing of Scrum and agile prin­ci­ples and ideally have experience working in scaled agile environments (e.g., SAFe)
You are a confident facilitator and coach, able to guide teams through complex situations while encouraging self-organization and accountability
You communicate clearly and build trusting relationships with teams, Product Owners, and stakeholders
You are able to identify systemic impediments and work proactively to remove obstacles that impact team performance and delivery
You use data and metrics to support continuous improvement and help teams increase transparency and predictability
You have a growth mindset and enjoy experimenting, learning, and continuously improving ways of working
You are interested in modern tools and AI capabilities that can support teams in improving productivity and collaboration. You think beyond processes and focus on real outcomes and business impact
Very good knowledge of German and English (at least C1 level)
We know that nobody is perfect and not all career paths are straightforward. Apply now – even if you don't meet all requirements!
What we offer
Flexible working hours
Flextime arrangements and flexible working time models allow for a perfect work-life balance – however it suits you.
Health management
Stay healthy with us – thanks to preventive measures, a wide variety of sports, and various partnerships.
Mobile working
Whether from home or on the road – our remote working model (up to 60% mobile) offers you more freedom and independence.
Further training
We satisfy your thirst for knowledge – for example, with further training, subject-specific seminars or work and study programmes.
Company info
Get started at HDI IT!
HDI IT bundles the IT in the HDI Group into a centralized function. We design innovative IT solutions and drive the digital transformation of the group. From the development of modern software solutions to the operation of complex IT infrastructures, we offer a wide range of exciting challenges. With us, you can expect varied projects where you can really make a difference. Do you want to break new ground, think creatively, and shape the future together with us? Then let's get started together!
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése