Cég neve
Engel & Völkers - Zentrale -
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Hamburg
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok és
Spanyol középfok és
Olasz középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok és Spanyol középfok és Olasz középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Drive and implement SEO strategies and ongoing optimization
for selected parts of our website
Develop product plans and roadmaps
in close collaboration with
Senior Management
and in alignment with our business goals and execute them with your team
Continuously
assess and improve our products' performance
in Google and other AI search interfaces, identifying growth opportunities and executing action plans
Work closely with Product, Design, Data and Engineering Teams to
integrate technical SEO best practices into product development and release cycles
Guide teams with keyword research and SEO insights to support scalable growth across markets
Requirements
At least 5 years of experience in technical Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
, ideally in enterprise environments, and first exposure to
Generative Engine Optimization (GEO)
Experience in
SEO and web analytics tools
, such as Google Search Console, Sistrix, and Screaming Frog
Profound
product management skills
as well as experience working closely with Product and Software Engineering Teams
Strong
analytical skills
and a
structured and detail-oriented work style
to drive initiatives forward
You are excited about the future of search, especially how AI and LLMs are changing search behavior and website development
Fluent in
English and German
; Spanish or Italian are a plus
What we offer
General conditions
: 30 days of vacation plus additional days off on Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve, a hybrid work model with 50% presence at the headquarters each month, a learning flat rate in the in-house Academy and company pension scheme.
Health & mobility
: Monthly subsidies for your sports membership or for the Urban Sports Club, a Work-Life Portal, JobRad, Deutschland-Ticket subsidy and your own Pluxee card.
Engel & Völkers Community
: Various offers and training opportunities with e-learning formats, individual support, events and company celebrations, an incentivized employee referral program and other corporate benefits.
Offers at the headquarters
: Monthly after-work events, Barista bar with a wide selection of beverages and additional snacks, massage offers, an annual health week, a weekly “juice day” with freshly pressed juices, a 24/7 kiosk, influenza vaccinations, as well as free parking and e-charging stations in our underground garage.
Learn more about a career with us
here
.
Company info
Would you like to join us as a
Product Manager (f/m/d)* SEO/GEO
? Apply to become part of our journey!
With the power of a globally successful brand, we at Engel & Völkers are setting new standards and, together with our international colleagues, driving forward first-class services and creative solutions. At Engel & Völkers, you'll work independently from day one with plenty of creative freedom to contribute new ideas and realize projects. Together, we are shaping a corporate culture that fosters personal growth and an innovative mindset.
To support our
Tech B2C
team at the Hamburg headquarters, we are looking for you as a
full-time (40 hours) Product Manager (f/m/d)* SEO/GEO
with immediate effect. As Product Manager (f/m/d)* SEO/GEO, you will optimize the organic visibility of Engel & Völkers, a leading real-estate brokerage in Europe, impacting product development across more than 35 countries worldwide.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Marketing,
Media, PR
Online
Marketing
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése