Cég neve
Adobe Systems Europe Limited
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a Senior Manager - Enterprise Architecture - Adobe Customer Solutions your role will be to develop a high-performing Enterprise Architecture function that enables successful transformation!
Operating at the intersection of transformation, architecture and delivery, you will ensure Enterprise Architects are deployed deliberately and effectively across engagements, supporting major pre-sales opportunities, guiding complex delivery, and maintaining architectural integrity across evolving platforms.
You will lead, coach, and manage a team of Enterprise Architects across EMEA, setting clear expectations around customer leadership, design authority, governance, and value orientation. You will maintain consistent application of enterprise architecture standards and guide Architects in navigating complex trade-offs across business, technology, and delivery constraints.
Lead and inspire the Enterprise Architecture team across EMEA, be accountable for performance, development, and engagement.
Drive continuous improvement of enterprise architecture and customer leadership capability, delivery processes, standards, and practices driving customer excellence
Meet and exceed goals around customer outcomes and services revenue, as well as driving operational excellence.
Guide Enterprise Architects to safely and effectively incorporate AI into modern digital marketing ecosystems.
Partner with Transformation, Strategy & Business Architecture leadership to align architectural approaches with transformation outcomes and value objectives.
Support priority pre-sales opportunities, ensuring Enterprise Architects contribute effectively to solution shaping and executive confidence.
Support client success through direct and indirect client engagement.
Build strong relationships with the Global Enterprise Architecture community, playing a key role in evolving architectural standards and support alignment and knowledge sharing.
Evolve and maintain reference architectures, patterns, and transition frameworks, aligned to TOGAF-informed principles
Create a culture of high expectations, innovation, and achievement!
Requirements
Proven experience leading and developing Enterprise Architects in a professional services or complex enterprise environment.
Strong grounding in enterprise architecture frameworks (e.g. TOGAF), applied pragmatically to govern design, guide transition, and enable delivery.
Experience operating across transformation programmes balancing architectural integrity with delivery momentum.
A strong understanding of AI-enabled and agentic architectures in modern digital platforms.
Credibility with senior business and technology executives as an architectural leader and coach.
Executive leadership skills including the ability to coach, mentor, influence, and empower a diverse and hard-working team.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, able to translate complex architectural topics into clear guidance for diverse audiences, with meticulous attention to detail.
A collaborative leadership style, with a strong focus on outcomes, value, and long-term platform sustainability.
Ability to communicate, coordinate, and drive optimal team productivity.
Confident ability to lead, collaborate, triage, and make decisions in a fast-paced, changing environment.
In-depth knowledge of digital marketing and customer experience management are strongly preferred.
Fluency in English is required. Any other European language would be a plus.
Ability to travel up to 35%
What we offer
As our many awards will tell you, at Adobe you'll be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized around the world. You'll be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you're looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog,
and explore the fantastic benefits we offer at Rewards.adobe.com.
Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We hire talented individuals, regardless of gender, race or colour, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We know that when our employees feel appreciated and included, they can be more creative, innovative and successful. This is what it means to be Adobe For All.
We're on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours.
At Adobe, we believe in creating a company culture where all employees are empowered to make an impact. Learn more about Adobe life, including our values and culture, focus on people, purpose and community, Adobe for All, comprehensive benefits programs, the stories we tell, the customers we serve, and how you can help us advance our mission of empowering everyone to create.
Adobe is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic. Learn more.
Adobe aims to make our Careers website and recruiting process accessible to any and all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, email
AI Use Guidelines for Interviews:
Our interviews are designed to reflect your own skills and thinking. The use of AI or recording tools during live interviews is not permitted unless explicitly invited by the interviewer or approved in advance as part of a reasonable accommodation. If these tools are used inappropriately or in a way that misrepresents your work, your application may not move forward in the process.
At Adobe, we empower employees to innovate with AI — and we look for candidates eager to do the same. As part of the hiring experience, we provide clear guidance on where AI is encouraged during the process and where it's restricted during live interviews. See how we think about AI in the hiring experience.
Company info
The Opportunity
From the moment you wake up in the morning until you go to bed at night consider the media you consume, the adverts you see, the apps you use, the websites you browse and almost all of the shopping you do online throughout the day. Chances are that every single one of those interactions, every single one of those experiences, was touched by an Adobe product.
We have a fantastic opportunity for a Senior Manager - Enterprise Architecture - Adobe Customer Solutions to join our Professional Services team based in the UK.
About Adobe
Adobe empowers everyone to create through innovative platforms and tools that unleash creativity, productivity and personalized customer experiences. Adobe's industry-leading offerings including Adobe Acrobat Studio, Adobe Express, Adobe Firefly, Creative Cloud, Adobe Experience Platform, Adobe Experience Manager, and GenStudio enable people and businesses to turn ideas into impact, powered by AI and driven by human ingenuity.
Our 30,000+ employees worldwide are creating the future and raising the bar as we drive the next decade of growth. We're on a mission to hire the very best and believe in creating a company culture where all employees are empowered to make an impact. At Adobe, we believe that great ideas can come from anywhere in the organization. The next big idea could be yours.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Corporate
Leadership, Management
Head
of IT
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése