Cég neve
AGCO Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Agco Hungary Kft. - Budapest, Alíz utca 4, 1117
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Cafeteria
Egészségbiztosítás
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ANALYTICS
SECURITY
CLOUD
AWS
API
DEVOPS
MACHINE LEARNING
GDPR
DATA MANAGEMENT
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol középfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Cafeteria
Egészségbiztosítás
Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Általános
munkarend
ANALYTICS
SECURITY
CLOUD
AWS
API
DEVOPS
MACHINE
LEARNING
GDPR
DATA
MANAGEMENT
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
Angol
középfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Design and Implement Scalable Data Architectures. Architect end-to-end data solutions that support ingestion, storage, processing, and analytics for both customer and machine data.
Unify Customer Data into a Single Source of Truth. Lead the integration and synchronization of data from multiple systems to create a unified, consistent customer profile.
Enable Advanced Analytics and AI. Build data platforms and pipelines that support machine learning, predictive analytics, and real-time insights.
Ensure Data Governance, Security, and Compliance. Develop frameworks and enforce policies that safeguard data integrity, privacy, and adherence to regulations such as GDPR and CCPA.
Collaborate Across Teams to Translate Business Needs into Technical Solutions. Work closely with business analysts, data scientists, and IT to deliver architectures aligned with strategic objectives.
Requirements
Extensive experience in Salesforce architecture, including Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Marketing Cloud, and Experience Cloud. Data Cloud or other CDP experience is a plus.
Strong expertise in AWS architecture, including services like EC2, S3, Lambda, RDS, Redshift, API Gateway, and others. Proven experience in designing and implementing customer data platforms, including integration with third-party systems, APIs, and data lakes/warehouses.
In-depth knowledge of Salesforce integration patterns, data modelling, and security best practices. Proficiency in AWS cloud services for data management, storage, processing, and analytics. Strong understanding of API design, microservices, and serverless architectures. Experience with CI/CD pipelines and DevOps practices.
Familiarity with customer data platforms (CDPs), master data management (MDM), and data governance frameworks. Strong critical thinking skills and ability to translate business challenges into effective technical solutions.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills to engage with both technical and non-technical stakeholders. Strong organizational and project management skills with a focus on driving results.
What we offer
Attractive, fair remuneration including participation in our bonus scheme and reimbursement of commuting expenses
Cafeteria system with additional elements you can pick from
Balance of work, family, and free time due to flexible working opportunity and the possibility of hybrid/remote work including home office monetary allowance
Private health insurance, dental services, and compensation for the purchase of computer monitor glasses
Employee Assistance Program including professional counselling, webinars, sports challenges, and newsletters
Development opportunities including monthly trainings held by the local training team and teacher guided language classes
Workplace extras
Canteen
Cafe
Shower
Corporate events
Parking
Sports facilities
Free fruits, snacks
Free coffee, soft drinks
Free breakfast
Play corner
Company info
Do you want to help solve the world's most pressing challenges? Feeding the world's growing population and slowing climate change are two of the world's greatest challenges. AGCO is a part of the solution! Join us to make your contribution.
As a Data Solution Architect, you will lead the design and implementation of scalable, secure, and unified data architectures that support advanced analytics, machine learning, and AI. You will unify customer and machine data across systems, ensure data governance and compliance, and collaborate cross-functionally to deliver actionable insights that drive business value.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése