Cég neve
YouGov CP Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
1083 Budapest, Bókay János utca 44-46.
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
DATABASES
DATABASE
UNIX
SPSS
MS ACCESS
SPRING
ACCESS
DATA MANAGEMENT
EXCEL
Biztosított eszközök
Laptop
Windows
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Általános
munkarend
DATABASES
DATABASE
UNIX
SPSS
MS
ACCESS
SPRING
ACCESS
DATA
MANAGEMENT
EXCEL
Laptop
Windows
Angol
felsőfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
You Will:
Manage and maintain dataflow processes within the local YouGov Shopper Operation.
Maintain and update the YouGov Shopper master databases to ensure data accuracy and consistency.
Monitor and troubleshoot dataflow processes to ensure smooth and timely data delivery.
Provide technical support to the article administration team, resolving issues and offering guidance.
Liaise with international YouGov Shopper support teams to coordinate data operations and share best practices.
Produce monthly YouGov Shopper AnalyzeIT databases for reporting and analysis.
Document and improve operational processes to enhance data reliability and team efficiency.
Support onboarding and training of new team members in data-related procedures.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to support new data initiatives and system enhancements.
Requirements
You Have:
Advanced Excel skills, including proficiency with macros and complex formulas.
Strong database management experience, with a focus on accuracy and efficiency.
English at very good level AND Hungarian communication skills, enabling effective collaboration with international colleagues.
A working knowledge of UNIX, with the ability to navigate and perform basic operations.
Familiarity with SPSS for statistical analysis and data manipulation.
Experience with MS Access for database creation and maintenance.
What we offer
13th month salary
Healthcare: Blue Classic package of Medicover's Spring service package
Fringe benefits
Eyeglasses for work at the computer
Access to Linkedin learning with the wide range of professional trainings
Hybrid working model with 3 days in the office
Workplace extras
Cafe
Corporate events
Company info
YouGov is a global research data and analytics group that is powered by reality. Thanks to a unique panel comprising millions of highly engaged members across 55 countries, we deliver unsurpassed accuracy, to inform better, more impactful decisions.
Why join YouGov?
Join our team to help us achieve our social mission: to make millions of people’s opinions heard for the benefit of our local, national, and international communities.
Understanding diversity of opinion requires diversity of background. Although our global panel of millions of people worldwide powers our research, our biggest asset is our people. If our research is to be truly representative of what the world thinks, we need people from all walks of life to be part of the team to bring their perspective to the work we do.
How to apply
Please apply by clicking the Appy button and attach your CV in English or Hungarian
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése