Cég neve
BMW Group
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PYTHON
SECURITY.
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
PYTHON
SECURITY.
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
INNOVATION IS IMAGINING WHAT NO ONE ELSE CAN.
At the BMW Group, everything starts with passion. It turns a profession into a vocation. It drives us to keep reinventing mobility and bring innovative ideas onto the roads. Enthusiasm for joint projects turns a team into a strong unit where every opinion is valued. It is only when expertise, highly professional processes and enjoyment of work unite that we can shape the future together.
Requirements
What should you bring along?
* Advanced degree in computer science, mathematics, data science, or a related field, or equivalent senior industry experience.
* Five to ten years of professional experience, including several years in advanced AI and technical leadership roles.
* Ability to translate complex technical concepts into AI strategies, products, roadmaps, and measurable impact.
* Deep expertise in foundation models, particularly multimodal and reasoning models, including adaptation and post training methods.
* Proven experience building large scale AI systems, including distributed training, high throughput inference, GPU acceleration, and cost optimization.
* Strong background in industrial or automotive data, processes, and IT systems.
* Excellent software engineering skills in Python and modern ML frameworks, with the ability to adapt to internal platforms and toolchains.
Are you ready to help shape the next generation of domain-specific AI platforms? Apply now!
Find out more about Artificial Intelligence at the BMW Group here.
Note:
Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications through other channels (especially email) cannot be considered.
What we offer
What do we offer?
* Challenging projects with which we shape the mobility of tomorrow together.
* Wide range of personal and professional development opportunities.
* Attractive, fair and performance-related remuneration.
* High level of job security.
* Annual special payments such as vacation pay, Christmas bonus, and profit sharing.
* Flexible working hours including six weeks annual leave and overtime compensation.
* Discounted BMW & MINI conditions.
* Many other benefits at bmw.jobs/benefits
Earliest starting date:
from now on
Type of employment:
unlimited
Working hours:
full-time
If you apply, the next steps in the selection process include an online test and subsequent interviews with the hiring manager (either virtually or in person).
Stellenreferenz:
172780
Company info
Mit unseren Marken BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce und BMW Motorrad sind wir einer der weltweit führenden Premium-Hersteller von Automobilen sowie Motorrädern und darüber hinaus Anbieter von Premium-Finanz- und Mobilitätsdienstleistungen.
Am Standort
München
suchen wir Sie als
Senior Expert for Industry Foundation Models (f/m/x)
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése