Cég neve
ARM Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
C
LINUX
CI
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
Nem kell tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
C
LINUX
CI
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
Nem
kell tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Developing software stacks for Arm’s reference platforms targeting future Arm-based devices.
Implementing support for industry standards and Arm architecture across a range of open-source projects.
Tackling the challenges of early platform bring-up.
Enhancing software quality through Continuous Integration (CI) systems.
Requirements
Proficiency in C programming.
Strong understanding of operating system fundamentals, preferably Linux.
Experience developing complex, low-level software.
A genuine passion for open-source development.
Nice-to-have
Knowledge of computer architectures, ideally Arm., Familiarity with open-source projects such as Linux distributions, the Linux kernel, AOSP, TF-A, TF-M, UEFI EDK II, U-Boot, or Xen/pKVM., Experience developing operating system kernels or device drivers, preferably on Linux., Hands-on experience with software debuggers, e.g. GDB.
What we offer
Inspiring and collaborative office spaces.
Flexibility to tailor the role and title for the right candidate.
Hybrid working approach supporting high performance and personal wellbeing.
Equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion.
Company info
Arm is best known for its CPU and GPU technology powering billions of smartphones across the globe. Now, we are building new software teams to help drive our next phase of growth.
Arm-based technology is everywhere — from industrial and automotive applications, to IoT, desktops, and data centres. Wherever Computing Happens, we aim to empower Arm by delivering software solutions that seamlessly connect higher-level software stacks with the underlying hardware.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése