Cég neve
NVIDIA Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Országos lefedettség
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
C
C++
HARDWARE
TESTING
PYTHON.
DEBUGGING
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
JIRA.
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
5-10 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
C
C++
HARDWARE
TESTING
PYTHON.
DEBUGGING
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
JIRA.
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
5-10
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Developing scalable library software using modern tools and languages for various numerical method.
Performance tuning, optimization, and benchmarking of algorithms on various architectures.
Working closely with leadership team and other internal and external partners to understand feature and performance requirements and contribute to the technical roadmaps of libraries.
Providing technical leadership and guidance to library engineers working with you.
Find opportunities to improve user experience and library performance.
Requirements
PhD or MSc’s degree in Computational Science, Computer Science, Applied Math, or related science or engineering field of study is preferred (or equivalent experience).
5+ years experience developing, debugging, and optimizing high-performance parallel numerical applications on modern computing platforms, with GPU acceleration using CUDA.
C/C++ programming and software development skills.
Proven experience in leading and completing software development projects.
Strong collaboration, communication, and documentation habits.
Nice-to-have
Good knowledge of CPU and/or GPU hardware architecture., Experience with software development practices such as CI/CD systems and project management tools such as JIRA., Experience with working in a distributed organization., Debugging, profiling, and testing skills for accuracy and performance., Fluency with Python., NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers., NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
What we offer
Full time position.
Base salary range for Poland: 221,250 PLN - 383,500 PLN for Level 3, and 292,500 PLN - 507,000 PLN for Level 4.
Company info
NVIDIA is the world leader in accelerated computing.
NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to tackle challenges no one else can solve. Our work in AI and digital twins is transforming the world's largest industries and profoundly impacting society.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Regionális
Álláshirdetés jelentése