Cég neve
BlackRock Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PYTHON
PANDAS
APACHE
AZURE
DEVOPS
GIT
ACCESS
MACHINE LEARNING
Elvárások
Angol középfok
3-5 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
PYTHON
PANDAS
APACHE
AZURE
DEVOPS
GIT
ACCESS
MACHINE
LEARNING
Angol
középfok
3-5
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Provide the technology platform that enables research, implementation, delivery and execution of financial risk models to internal partners and external clients, and their integration with Aladdin.
Onboard models to the platform.
Collaborate with modellers on the implementation and deployment of financial risk models.
Understand client requirements and translate them into software engineering tasks.
Act as a subject matter expert towards modelling teams and product analysts.
Work with modellers and product analysts to understand business and requirements and help implement those on the platform using engineering best practices.
Facilitate technical design and code review sessions to ensure software meets functional and compatibility requirements and high quality standards.
Stay abreast of latest developments in machine learning, quantitative finance, and technology to incorporate innovative solutions into the platform.
Enhance performance of existing models to ensure efficient operation at scale.
Implement and maintain a standard data/technology deployment workflow to ensure disciplined and robust delivery of enhancements.
Ensure operational readiness of the product and meet customer commitments regarding incident SLAs.
Requirements
Strong experience (3+ years) in Python.
Bachelor’s (BSc) or higher degree in Computer Science or related field.
Experience with Pandas, Apache Arrow, Snowflake (Prefect is a plus).
Good understanding of Object-Oriented Design principles.
Fluency with AI coding tools and the use of LLM in everyday development.
Good understanding of fundamental Algorithms and Data Structures.
Knowledge of Azure DevOps and git, CI/CD.
Good understanding of unit tests, integration and regression tests, and their importance.
Aptitude for designing data models and pipelines is a plus.
Ability to understand advanced mathematical and statistical methods and concepts.
Fluency in reading, writing and speaking English.
Team player.
Problem-solving skills.
Critical and analytical thinking.
Technical curiosity.
Adaptable.
What we offer
Retirement investment and tools designed to help build a sound financial future.
Access to education reimbursement.
Comprehensive resources to support physical health and emotional well-being.
Family support programs.
Flexible Time Off (FTO).
Hybrid work model with at least 4 days in office per week and 1 day remote work per week, with some business groups requiring more office time.
Company info
BlackRock is one of the world’s preeminent asset management firms and an outstanding provider of global investment management, risk management, and advisory services to institutional, intermediary and individual investors around the world. Besides offering a range of investment solutions — from fundamental and quantitative active management approaches to highly efficient indexing strategies – BlackRock also provides direct access to its market leading analytic models by onboarding clients to its Aladdin Platform, an end-to-end portfolio management software solution.
The Investments and Trading Engineering (ITE) team builds and delivers Aladdin's industry-leading risk management, portfolio management, compliance and trading capabilities. Within ITE, Quantitative Analytics Engineering (QAE) is a global team of quantitative developers responsible for the implementation of security valuation, portfolio risk, liquidity and performance attribution models. BlackRock Portfolio managers and external Aladdin clients such as pension funds and insurance companies rely on models maintained by QAE to identify investment opportunities, build portfolios and manage risk.
At BlackRock, we are all connected by one mission: to help more and more people experience financial well-being. Our clients, and the people they serve, are saving for retirement, paying for their children’s educations, buying homes and starting businesses. Their investments also help to strengthen the global economy: support businesses small and large; finance infrastructure projects that connect and power cities; and facilitate innovations that drive progress.
This mission would not be possible without our smartest investment – the one we make in our employees. It’s why we’re dedicated to creating an environment where our colleagues feel welcomed, valued and supported with networks, benefits and development opportunities to help them thrive.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése