Cég neve
N26 GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
BACKEND
SPRING
KOTLIN
DATABASES
CLOUD
AWS.
SECURITY.
ACCESS
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
BACKEND
SPRING
KOTLIN
DATABASES
CLOUD
AWS.
SECURITY.
ACCESS
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a vital contributor throughout the entire feature lifecycle, you will partner closely with Product Owners and Designers to translate user needs into the seamless, scalable backend systems that empower our users from day one.
Do discovery, design, develop, test, deploy and maintain software in a thriving environment.
Manage individual project priorities and deliverables whilst working in a team who enjoy knowledge sharing sessions.
Stay up to date with the latest trends in technology.
Propose new findings during our Get Stuff Done Days (GSDD).
Requirements
What you need to be successful:
Experience in developing software using a JVM language and Spring Boot in large-scale production systems (note: experience of Kotlin would be a plus).
Sound understanding of microservice architecture.
Knowledge of both relational and non-relational databases, preferably Postgres.
Appreciation of working in a modern cloud architecture, preferably with AWS.
Traits:
Strong bias for action , and getting things done.
Ongoing appreciation and consideration for security.
Motivation to write code which is well-tested and well-documented.
Give and receive open, direct and timely feedback.
What we offer
This is a Hybrid role from Berlin or Barcelona.
What's in it for you:
Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe's most talked about disruptors.
Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness & wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.
As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account, as well as subscriptions for friends and family members.
Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.
A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.
Equal Opportunities
We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential. We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages.
We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to
Company info
About the opportunity
ou will work in the
Grow & Engage
domain—the heart of the N26 experience. From initial signup to premium memberships and daily engagement, you'll work in teams delivering innovative features that serve our customers.
We are seeking a collaborative
Backend Engineer
to join our mission-driven team.
Who we are
N26 has reimagined banking for today's digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it's how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use. We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.
We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése