Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
GIT
CLOUD
SAP
@SAP.
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
GIT
CLOUD
SAP
@SAP.
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What you'll do:
The Role:
As a (Junior) Developer, you will:
Develop and maintain the CI/CD infrastructure for the Gardener project.
Collaborate with the development team to understand their needs and ensure the CI/CD pipelines meet these needs.
Troubleshoot and resolve any issues with the CI/CD pipelines.
Continuously improve the delivery processes to increase efficiency and reliability, leveraging the benefits of OCM where possible.
Requirements
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field, or equivalent work experience.
Experience in a similar role, working with CI/CD pipelines.
Knowledge of Kubernetes and its architecture and understanding of deploying containers.
Experience with CI/CD tools such as Concourse, Git, or similar.
A strong understanding of software development processes and the software development lifecycle.
Hands-on development experience. Preferably both infrastructure-related (scripting languages) and web development.
Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to troubleshoot complex issues.
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work well in a team.
Fluency both written and spoken in English and preferably in German
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
The Gardener team is a dynamic group of professionals passionate about cloud technology and open-source software. They foster a culture of collaboration, innovation, and continuous learning, where everyone's input is valued. The team operates in a highly skilled environment, constantly pushing the boundaries of technology and contributing actively to the open-source community. Joining the Gardener team means being part of a cutting-edge technological journey in a supportive and innovative setting.
#SAPEUAICloudCareers, #SAPORACareers, #LI-SW1
We win with inclusionSAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 445507 | Work Area: Software-Design und Entwicklung | Expected Travel: 0 - 10% | Career Status: Berufserfahren | Employment Type: Part-Time, or Vollzeit, unbefristet
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
Summary:
We're not just offering a job, we're inviting you to shape the future of cloud-native infrastructure at SAP and in all of Europe. The Gardener project powers SAP's global landscape as the Kubernetes management solution and is trusted as the foundation for countless enterprise workloads at SAP and outside. We have committed to open source by donating Gardener into a neutral foundation.
Step into the exciting world of CI/CD engineering! Be at the heart of innovation, driving the delivery of high-quality software with speed and efficiency. Collaborate with diverse teams, solve complex challenges, and leverage cutting-edge automation tools. As a CI/CD engineer, you're not just building pipelines, you're shaping the future of software development.
Meet your team:
Bring out your bestSAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése