Cég neve
HDI AG
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Leadership and Accountability:
Take disciplinary, organi­zational, and budgetary responsi­bility for the software develop­ment of our teams within the Agile Release Train (ART) Under­writing, focusing on under­writing appli­cations within HDI Global
Employee Development:
Encourage both pro­fessional and personal growth of your team members, promoting self-organized and accoun­table work practices
Enable AI-driven Software Development:
Drive the adoption and continuous improvement of AI-supported development practices (e.g., GitHub Copilot, AI code review, test automation via AI, architecture scans)
Capability Building:
Develop AI literacy and enginee­ring excel­lence within your teams. Ensure develo­pers under­stand how to effec­tively and responsibly use AI tools
Cultivating Trust:
Support and foster a feedback-oriented culture of trust with open communi­cation structures within your team
Collective Growth:
Strategically work on the development of all software developers in colla­boration with other People Leads and the ART Leadership
Proactive Collaboration with Capability Manager & Architects:
Jointly ensure that AI compe­tency becomes an integral part of your capa­bility roadmap
Requirements
Successfully completed a degree in computer science, business infor­matics, or similar edu­cation and training
Several years of relevant leadership expe­rience, parti­cularly in the context of agile soft­ware development teams (SAFe preferred)
Proven experience in dri­ving engineering excellence, preferably including first experience with AI-assisted software develop­ment
In-depth knowledge of develop­ment methods and archi­tectural management tech­niques
Strong leadership personality focused on colla­boration, mentoring, and empower­ment
Well-developed communication and con­flict management skills
Excellent German and English language skills (C1 level)
We know that nobody is perfect and not all career paths are straightforward. Apply now – even if you don
'
t meet all requirements!
What we offer
Flexible working hours
Flextime arrangements and flexible working time models allow for a perfect work-life balance – however it suits you.
Health management
Stay healthy with us – thanks to preventive measures, a wide variety of sports and various partnerships.
Mobile working
Whether from home or on the road – our remote working model (up to 60% mobile) offers you more freedom and independence.
Further training
We satisfy your thirst for knowledge – for example with further training, subject-specific seminars or work and study programmes.
Company info
Get started at HDI IT!
HDI IT bundles the IT in the HDI Group in a centralized function. We design innovative IT solutions and drive the digital transformation of the Group. From the development of modern software solutions to the operation of complex IT infrastructures, we offer a wide range of exciting challenges. With us, you can expect varied projects where you can really make a difference. Do you want to break new ground, think creatively, and shape the future together with us? Then let
'
s get started together!
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Corporate
Leadership, Management
Head
of IT
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése