Cég neve
ARM Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
Pályakezdő/friss diplomás
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
Pályakezdő/friss
diplomás
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Be involved in System IP microarchitecture specification and design
Participate in SystemVerilog RTL verification and debug; formal bring-up of non-trivial IP blocks to achieve required quality levels (SystemVerilog/UVM, Formal, scripting)
Work closely with engineers across design, performance modelling, validation, and implementation to meet all functional requirements, performance, power and area goals
Requirements
Hold (or are on track to hold) a Bachelors or Masters degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering by the programme start date
Experience of block level RTL design and verification for non-trivial ASIC (or FPGA) developments; SystemVerilog preferred
Familiarity with the Arm AMBA specifications or other bus protocols
Understanding of digital design to include one or more from CPU, GPU and cache concepts, memory, I/O, etc.
Scripting, e.g. with Perl, Python, etc.
What we offer
Competitive salary and comprehensive rewards package
Support, autonomy and opportunity to excel in your career
Mid-year and year-end review for career progression
Attend Grad-teach-Grads workshops, guest speaker series and social events
Opportunity to join Graduate Committee for planning, networking and coordination skills
Invitation to exclusive Global Graduate Conference (GGC)
Hybrid working environment supporting high performance and personal wellbeing
Company info
The Budapest System IP team has a track record of numerous successful deliveries, we have an open and relaxed culture where best-in-class, creative engineers work together on significant projects. Our upbeat and collaborative team builds System IP components used in future client, embedded and IoT devices.
At our Budapest-based design center, you will join a hardworking team and will take part in the design and verification of performant, energy efficient and secure IP components.
A Graduate will use novel technologies and methodologies to ensure the highest quality products as they collaborate with other Arm engineering teams to build complete IP solutions to address the performance, power and cost requirements for almost all application markets. Join and let's invent the future together!
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Engineer
Electronic
Control Engineer
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése