Cég neve
FF Next Technologies Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ACCESS
JIRA
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ACCESS
JIRA
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Participation in the whole lifecycle of development projects from planning to handover
Maintaining existing cross-platform apps
Developing cutting-edge projects while writing high-quality code
Keeping up with the latest technology trends
Communicating well with other team members
Handling operations & requests from clients and the management team
Requirements
2+ years of software development experience
1+ years of Flutter experience
Hands-on experience with Flutter
Strong technology background
Fast learner
Understanding of software engineering principles
Experience with GitHub or JIRA
BSc/MSc in Computer Science (a plus)
What we offer
Home office flexibility – Work from the comfort of your home or join us in our cozy, open office for some team collaboration – your choice!
Flexible working hours – We value deadlines, but we also respect your personal commitments. You’ll have the flexibility to balance work and life as needed.
Competitive salary – Your dedication deserves recognition! We offer a market-competitive salary and work with you to create a compensation package that makes you feel valued.
Medicover health insurance – Prioritize your health with access to Medicover, so you can quickly and confidently address any health concerns.
Dog-friendly office – Bring your furry friend to the office! We’re all about creating a stress-free, supportive environment for you and your pets.
Fun company events – From weekly Thursday meetings to epic team-building events like summer retreats, Halloween parties, and Christmas dinners, we make sure there’s always something fun happening.
Top-tier tech – We provide all the tech tools you need (think Apple gear!) to do your best work.
Company info
We are a digital product design and development studio that creates highly functional and beautifully designed mobile and web applications. With clients in more than 20 countries, we are dedicated to creating exceptional user experiences through thoughtful design and innovative solutions.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése