Cég neve
Clarios Germany GmbH & Co. KG
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
AZURE
DEVOPS
SQL
PYTHON
BI
MACHINE LEARNING
POWER BI
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
AZURE
DEVOPS
SQL
PYTHON
BI
MACHINE
LEARNING
POWER
BI
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Develop and optimize data pipelines and algorithms within the Snowflake environment.
Manage code repositories, automate deployment processes, and collaborate with team members using Azure DevOps for continuous integration and machine learning model improvement.
Conduct statistical analysis of field and battery data and extract meaningful insights and identify trends.
Prepare technical reports and presentations to effectively communicate findings within the team.
Support measurement experiments for vehicle diagnostics, including hands-on data collection and analysis in the lab.
There is the possibility to combine this internship with a thesis project.
Requirements
Studies in the field of engineering or a comparable course of study
Proficient in programming, especially in SQL and Python
Very good analytical skills, independent work style, and high initiative
You are able to grasp complex relationships and think in a structured manner
Very good knowledge of German and English (other languages are an advantage)
Knowledge in the field of data analysis, dashboard development with e.g. Microsoft Power BI is desirable
What we offer
Your advantages:
As a powerful market leader, we offer people with drive and power many good reasons to come to us:
Working in an international environment with valuable practical experience
A modern work atmosphere, flexible working hours, and responsible tasks
Free space for your ideas and initiatives
Use of the company's own fitness studio
Grants for canteen meals
To All Recruitment Agencies:
Clarios does not accept unsolicited agency resumes/CVs. Please do not forward resumes/CVs to our careers email addresses, Clarios employees or any other company location. Clarios is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/CVs.
Equal Employment Opportunity:
Clarios, LLC is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, status as a qualified individual with a disability, or any other characteristic protected by law. For more information, please view EEO is the Law, EEO is the Law (supplement), and Pay Transparency Non-discrimination. If you are an individual with a disability and you require an accommodation during the application process, please email
A Note to Job Applicants
: please be aware of scams being perpetrated through the Internet and social media platforms. Clarios will never require a job applicant to pay money as part of the application or hiring process.
Company info
For our location in Hanover we are looking for you as an
Intern (m/f/d) for AI and Data Analysis in Vehicle Lab
During your at least four months internship, you will gain a variety of insights into our vehicle lab and support our team in day-to-day business and exciting projects.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése