Cég neve
Easy Languages GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ADOBE
CLOUD
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ADOBE
CLOUD
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
In your role as a UX/UI Researcher Intern:
You will help shape and improve our membership platform.
You will run user tests and turn feedback into a better user experience.
You will support the implementation of new platform features and projects (e.g. a podcast player).
You will help improve our internal admin interface.
Requirements
You're a strong fit for this role if you:
Are currently studying or have completed a degree in
UX/UI research
, information design, interaction design, or a comparable field.
Bring proven
practical experience
in designing digital products, especially websites, interactive web experiences, or applications.
Can provide a
portfolio or work samples
that show real projects you contributed to, including what you worked on, the process you followed, and the impact of your work on the final product or user experience.
Are confident
creating wireframes
and interactive prototypes using tools such as Figma, Balsamiq, Adobe Creative Cloud, or similar.
Communicate clearly
and can present your ideas and concepts in a structured and persuasive way.
Work independently
, think analytically, and are comfortable giving and receiving feedback.
Have strong written and spoken
English skills
; additional language skills are a plus.
Are enthusiastic about our mission and
language learning
.
What we offer
That's what we offer:
Flexibility:
A friendly working environment with a trusting and relaxed atmosphere. Depending on your current situation, you can choose your working hours and preferred place of work. You can work remotely or in our office in Berlin-Mitte.
Team Spirit:
You will be part of a small, international, highly motivated team. We give our best daily without taking ourselves too seriously or forgetting to have fun.
Impact:
Our work empowers millions of people worldwide to learn languages. You become part of a passionate and connected international community by joining us.
Continuous Growth:
We value your development and provide the opportunity to dedicate up to 10% of your working hours to enhancing your professional skills, whether honing technical expertise or building soft skills.
Work-Life Balance:
Enjoy six weeks of paid vacation (scaled to your role duration), plus additional days off for Christmas and New Year's Eve, on top of public holidays based on your location.
Remote Work Benefits:
We ensure you stay comfortable and productive, whether working from our office or remotely.
Company info
We're looking for a
UX/UI Researcher Intern
to join our team starting in
April 2026
. You'll help improve our membership platform and contribute to building a product that supports language learners in discovering our video and podcast library and learning effectively through guided Learning Paths.
The internship can be completed remotely or on-site at our Berlin office. Depending on your availability part-time or full-time, the internship duration ranges from 6 to 12 months.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
UI-,
UX designer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése