Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Német
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
The Corporate Information Technology (CIT) is the central part of the company's strategy, developing and implementing innovative security solutions to enhance efficiency and competitiveness in the Carl Zeiss Group. By working closely with various business units, CIT ensures that technological advancements and digital transformations are seamlessly integrated into business processes.
Ihre Rolle
Lead and manage an international team of SAP developers, provide guidance and act as mentor
Manage and distribute development tasks
Be responsible for development and deployment processes
Ensure compliance with best practices, security standards and industry regulations (GxP) in the development process
Stay abreast of industry trends, emerging technologies and SAP advancements to inform decision making
Foster a culture of continuous improvement, innovation and collaboration within and beyond the SAP development team
Requirements
At least 10 years of experience in SAP Development
Proven experience as a leader in SAP development with a track record of successful project delivery
Strong understanding of SAP technologies, modules and integration points • Good knowledge about ABAP/ BTP / UI5 / CAP /RAP
Excellent communication skills with the ability to collaborate effectively across teams
Demonstrate ability to lead, motivate and develop a high performing SAP development team
Ability to work in and lead intercultural/diverse teams
Ability to moderate complex discussions
Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or a related field
Fluent in German and English
Company info
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Corporate
Leadership, Management
Head
of IT
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése