Cég neve
ITech Consult AG
Munkavégzés helye
Svájc
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
>10 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
>10
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Project Business Analyst- PaperlessLogbook
Project Business Analyst: Business Analyst / Project Manager / GxP / CSV / Synthetic Molecules / GMP / Production Processes / English / German
Project:
For our client, a large pharmaceutical company based in Basel, we are looking for a Project Business Analyst.
Background:
The Paperless Workstream within the Synthetic Molecules Facility (SMF) in Basel aims to identify manual, paper-based processes and replace them with digital solutions. The main project is the implementation of the eLogbook. We are looking for an expert for the definition and execution phases of this digitization project.
The ideal candidate will have over 10 years of experience as a business analyst and project manager for digitalization projects in the pharmaceutical GMP environment.
Demonstrable experience in creating validation-compliant and specifications (GxP/CSV) is essential, as is a sound understanding of development and production processes in the pharmaceutical sector (synthetic molecules).
Tasks & Responsibilities:
• Gathering & Analysis: Systematically gathering business requirements for the eLogbook directly from stakeholders in Production and Quality Management (SMF).
• Prioritization: Evaluating and structuring requirements in close coordination with process owners.
• Documentation: Creating User Requirements Specifications () and functional specifications.
• Data Strategy: Defining data architecture requirements and establishing data ownership for the eLogbook as a data product.
• Solution Development: Setting up a team capable of providing solutions to the requirements. Ensuring that the solution concepts meet the requirements and are feasible.
• Execution Planning: Creating a roadmap for implementation and developing a detailed schedule. Estimating implementation costs and verifying them against the available budget. Setting up the implementation team and ensuring
resource availability.
• Execution Monitoring: Ensuring that the requirements are implemented to the required quality and within the specified timelines.
• Interface: Acts as an interface and coordinator between user/client and the executing teams.
Must-haves:
• Education/degree ideally in process engineering or a related field
• At least 10 years of experience in business analysis within a pharmaceutical GMP environment
• At least 10 years of experience as a project manager for digitalization projects in a pharmaceutical GMP environment
• Demonstrable experience in creating validation-compliant and specifications (GxP/CSV)
• Understanding of development and production processes in the pharmaceutical industry (synthetic molecules)
• Excellent IT/tool skills
• Strong communication and moderation skills in German to precisely extract requirements from the shop floor
• Fluent in English
Reference No.: 924816
Role: SMF Project Business Analyst - Paperless Logbook
Industry: Pharmaceuticals
Location: Basel
Workload: 50-100% (depending on candidate experience)
Start: ASAP / July 1, 2026
Duration: 6+ Months
Deadline: March 18, 2026
Should this position have sparked your interest, please send us your complete application. If this position isn't quite the right fit and you'd prefer to receive offers for other positions directly, you can also submit your application via this advertisement or to jobs[at]itcag[dot]com.
Contact us for further information about our company, our positions, or our attractive payroll-only program: .
About us:
ITech Consult is an ISO 9001:2015 certified Swiss company with offices in Germany and Ireland. ITech Consult specializes in placing highly qualified candidates for temporary staffing in the IT, Life Science, and Engineering sectors. We offer both temporary staffing and payroll services. These services are free for our candidates, and we also do not charge any additional fees for payroll. jidf639802pn jit0312pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Healthcare,
Pharmaceutical Industry
Clinical
Researcher
Switzerland
Álláshirdetés jelentése