Cég neve
Accenture Korlátolt Felelősségű Társaság
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
TESTING
PYTHON
DEBUGGING
REGRESSION TESTING
TROUBLESHOOTING
Elvárások
Angol középfok
Nem kell tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
TESTING
PYTHON
DEBUGGING
REGRESSION
TESTING
TROUBLESHOOTING
Angol
középfok
Nem
kell tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Design and implement agent‑to‑agent communication patterns and multi‑agent collaboration workflows.
Integrate LLMs, RAG pipelines, and external APIs/tools into end‑to‑end agent systems.
Develop, test, and iterate on orchestration logic (routing, planning, tool selection, error handling, and structured execution).
Build prompt templates, memory/state management, and reusable workflow components to improve reliability and consistency.
Implement and optimize RAG + embedding workflows (retrieval strategy, chunking, evaluation, iteration).
Own testing & debugging for multi‑agent systems, including tracing, evaluation, and regression testing across workflows.
Requirements
Proven experience with detailed descriptions of relevant home or personal projects.
Hands-on experience building LLM-based applications in Python, including structured prompting and multi-step workflows.
Practical experience with at least one agent framework or orchestration approach (e.g., LangChain or a comparable framework).
Working knowledge of prompt templates and basic memory/state concepts (e.g., session memory, conversation state, lightweight persistence).
RAG fundamentals with some implementation exposure: ability to build a basic retrieval flow (data → chunking → embeddings → retrieval → grounded answer) and iterate on quality.
Debugging mindset for agentic workflows: comfortable troubleshooting tool-calls, retrieval misses, and prompt/chain issues; familiar with logs/traces or basic observability practices.
Strong English language knowledge.
Nice to have LangGraph experience (graph/state-machine orchestration) and/or multi-agent patterns.
Experience with Langfuse (or similar tracing/evaluation tooling) for prompt/version tracking, traces, and quality monitoring.
Experience improving RAG quality beyond the basics (evaluation, retrieval strategies, chunking experiments).
Exposure to testing practices for LLM apps (lightweight evaluation, regression checks, reproducibility habits).
What we offer
Work location: Budapest
Company info
We work with one shared purpose: to deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity. Every day, more than 775,000 of us help our stakeholders continuously reinvent. Together, we drive positive change and deliver value to our clients, partners, shareholders, communities, and each other.
We believe that delivering value requires innovation, and innovation thrives in an inclusive and diverse environment. We actively foster a workplace free from bias, where everyone feels a sense of belonging and is respected and empowered to do their best work.
At Accenture, we see well-being holistically, supporting our people’s physical, mental, and financial health. We also provide opportunities to keep skills relevant through certifications, learning, and diverse work experiences. We’re proud to be consistently recognized as one of the World’s Best Workplaces™.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése