Cég neve
Hamilton Bonaduz AG
Munkavégzés helye
Via Crusch 8, 7402 Bonaduz, Switzerland
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
DATABASE
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
CHANGE MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
DATABASE
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
CHANGE
MANAGEMENT
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Business Process System Engineer 80 - 100 % (f/m/d)
True to the vision "We drive innovation to improve people's lives", the Hamilton companies have been providing solutions for the health sector since 1950. We are an innovative pioneer in the fields of ventilators, automated pipetting, sample management and in the development of process sensors.
The Business Unit Robotics develops, produces and distributes pipetting robots for the automation of liquid handling processes for a wide range of customers from the pharmaceutical and food industry, all the way to cell and DNA research.
How you can make a difference:
Serve as System Business Engineer for SAP S/4HANA implementation and rollout, ensuring high-quality process adoption aligned with SAP standard capabilities
Lead the fit-to-standard process design: translate business requirements into standard SAP process designs, minimizing deviations and avoiding customizing/custom developments unless clearly justified
Continuouslyimprove and optimize business processes across the organization.
Contribute to executing the business unit strategy and help drive its digital transformation
Support the development of a roadmap for cross-divisional process improvements, including prioritization of key action areas
Analyze existing business processes using data, metrics, and stakeholder feedback
Define the target state of processes and perform gap analyses between current and desired future states
Design and implement process optimizations in close collaboration with process owners and business unit leadership
Assist process owners in creating and maintaining process documentation
Promote awareness and adoption of digitalized processes, fostering a digital-first mindset across the business unit
That's what you bring along:
Proven expertise in SAP S/4HANA implementation and rollout in process-centric role
Completed degree in Engineering, Business Administration, or an equivalent qualification (university, university of applied sciences, or higher vocational school)
Theoretical knowledge and practical experience in project management and change management of business processes
Fluent German and English language skills
Excellent communication abilities and demonstrated teamwork skills
Basic knowledge of database queries and strong skills in processing and analyzing large datasets
Strong affinity for digital technologies and modern business systems
Learn more about career opportunities at Hamilton at .
Do you share our values and feel at home in a cooperative and down-to-earth environment? At Hamilton, we not only offer a motivating working environment, but also various leisure activities and modern working conditions. Our interactions at eye level encourage open communication and a pleasant working environment. Become part of a team where your skills are valued and innovative ideas are fostered. Interested? Then apply online using the "Apply now" button. If you have any questions, please contact us at
Write an email
with the following details:
Reference: JR-5502-fjb/Contact: Hälg
Applications by post or e-mail can unfortunately not be considered. jid6c638ebpn jit0311pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Switzerland
Álláshirdetés jelentése