Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
NETWORK
HARDWARE
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
NETWORK
HARDWARE
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Motivation for the Work
Turning today's research into tomorrow's applications – together. At ZEISS, we focus on user-centric innovation to transform ideas into cutting-edge solutions. The ZEISS Innovation Hub @ KIT fosters collaboration between students, researchers, and industry professionals to drive technological advancements.
Your Role
With us, you have the opportunity to perfectly combine your studies with practical experience while actively contributing to exciting projects. This allows you to gain valuable skills, expand your network, and grow both professionally and personally.
Integrated into a team of scientists and research engineers, you will work on research projects in human–machine interaction. These projects will range from user interaction and interface design to eye tracking and prototyping with new hardware and sensors.
What We Offer
An opportunity to build the foundation for next-generation products
The possibility to conceptualize and implement interaction design and to prototype with new hardware and sensors
Mentorship by experienced PhD-level experts
The option to write a Master's thesis following your internship
A modern working environment with state-of-the-art tools for research (AI-assisted coding, etc.)
Opportunity to join a dynamic, highly motivated team in a modern industry environment close to the KIT campus
Requirements
You are interested in technology and motivated to work on challenging tasks
You are enrolled in a master's degree program in computer science, engineering, or a related field
You have a strong computer science background with very good coding skills
You also have experience in at least one of the topics listed above
You are willing to collaborate and work in complementary teams
Good communication skills in English and/or German
You are willing to learn and explore with a high degree of initiative and creativity
Sounds exciting? Then become part of #teamZEISS and help us shape the future! Please provide your complete application documents (CV, transcript of records, etc.).
Company info
As a student, you work with your colleagues on an equal footing and create ideal conditions for your future career. Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people. In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together. Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow. Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity. Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése