Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What you'll do:
As a Solution Customer Success Manager (S-CSM) for Finance Solutions (f/m/d), you will act as a trusted advisor, maximizing customer lifetime value by delivering solution area expertise to customer executives and their line of business while accelerating near term value delivery via the rapid adoption and consumption of solutions.
Build deep executive relationships and earn trusted advisor status with customers
Identify new opportunities for customers to leverage new or expanded SAP solutions
Mitigate churn and manage renewals of SAP solutions/services
Identify sales leads and support sales in expansion and upsell efforts
Drive renewals, expansions, and up-sells of subscription or perpetual license-based solutions
Where you belong:
You will work closely with SAP MU leadership, account teams, industry teams, and solution management organization. You will also coordinate internal SAP and partner resources to ensure value delivery.
Requirements
Experience driving renewals, expansions, and up-sells of subscription or perpetual license-based solutions.
Experience as Account Manager, Consultant, Presales in the software industry or Inhouse experience
S/4HANA and /or Office of the CFO background desired (Planning & Analyitics, Accounting & Close, Treasury, Financial Operations, Global Trade, GRC)
Ideally SAP Analytics Cloud (SAC), BTP or BDC knowledge
Strong executive presence and relationship building skills
3+ years experience with cloud software solutions and delivery models
Knowledge of SAP solutions portfolio and the business processes they enable
Experience in business software
Ideally knowledge of SAAS and IAAS processes
Fluent in English and German
Bachelor's degree or equivalent required
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
We win with
SAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 448430 | Work Area: Consulting and Professional Services | Expected Travel: 0 - 10% | Career Status: Berufserfahren | Employment Type: Vollzeit, unbefristet | Additional Locations: #LI-
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Finance,
Accounting
Analyst,
Advisor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése