Cég neve
N26 GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY
CLOUD
AWS
LINUX
CD
BACKEND
ACCESS
TROUBLESHOOTING
INCIDENT MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY
CLOUD
AWS
LINUX
CD
BACKEND
ACCESS
TROUBLESHOOTING
INCIDENT
MANAGEMENT
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Design, develop, implement and own products and solutions to improve the security, reliability, and scalability of N26 cloud infrastructure and systems in the workload orchestration domain
Work with Product, customers and stakeholders to understand their needs and build the right products and solutions
Take an active part in the strategy and roadmap definition and prioritisation
Mentor and support other team members and also learn from them
Expand and develop your cloud knowledge, skills, and technology expertise
Requirements
What you need to be successful:
Background and skills:
Hands-on, production expertise in the design, implementation and maintenance of Kubernetes Clusters
Extensive knowledge and hands-on experience in AWS Cloud infrastructure and Services
Solid experience in Go
Previous experience with Linux, Terraform and CD solutions (Argo or similars)
Networking experience with Mesh solutions (Istio or similars)
Monitoring, troubleshooting and incident management experience
Nice to have:
Relevant Backend development experience
Traits:
Good communication skills and a sense of ownership, with a systematic problem-solving approach
Proactiveness, collaboration and eagerness to learn
What we offer
What's in it for you:
Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe's most talked about disruptors .
Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness & wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.
As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.
Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.
A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.
Equal Opportunities:
We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.
We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to
Company info
About the opportunity
We are seeking a Senior Reliability Engineer to join the Platform Engineering Domain in the Scalability Team.
The mission of Platform Engineering is to provide trusted, performant, self-service platforms that empower product teams to build “the bank the world loves to use.” Scalability's part of this mission is to develop solutions for container orchestration.
As one of the first banks completely hosted in the cloud - our security, resilience and productivity standards require not only the use of a modern technology stack, but the building of teams in line with our principles and in the service of our product teams, the company and our customers.
Who we are
N26 has reimagined banking for today's digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it's how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.
We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.
We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
Network
and System Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése