Cég neve
Picnic GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ANALYTICS
PYTHON
SQL
POWERPOINT
R
ACCESS
NETWORK
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
REST
Biztosított eszközök
Laptop
Elvárások
Német középfok és
Francia középfok és
Holland középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ANALYTICS
PYTHON
SQL
POWERPOINT
R
ACCESS
NETWORK
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
REST
Laptop
Német
középfok és Francia középfok és Holland középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Lead with ambition:
You'll take the driver's seat and redefine the grocery shopping experience for tens of thousands of customers across Germany and beyond. Your unstoppable ambition to drive innovation and create visible impact will help you become a true leader at Picnic!
Steep learning curve:
You'll be working on projects at the intersection of data, strategy, tech and sustainability - so your learning starts fast. You'll get targeted training that combines leadership and tech skills from the very beginning and apply them right away on building sustainable long-term solutions to actual business challenges.
Solve real-life puzzles:
You'll join a business team and start working on a high-impact project. You won't just watch from the sidelines, you'll blend hands-on training with immediate execution, making your mark from day one.
Innovate across borders:
Your training will take place primarily in our Düsseldorf and Amsterdam offices. You'll work closely with colleagues from our French and Dutch markets and contribute to projects that span across borders.
Sustainability at our core
In your first six months, you'll own a business-critical project from start to finish—supported by mentorship, learning sessions, and regular feedback. You'll strengthen your leadership abilities like project management, storytelling, stakeholder communication, giving & receiving feedback, while sharpening your skills in Python, SQL, Google Sheets, and PowerPoint.
As the program progresses, your scope will grow. You may scale your initial project or take on a new challenge within the same domain. Every six months, you'll have a structured check-in with your team lead and HR to reflect, plan, and adjust your development path.
The projects you'll be working on will be creating direct value for business growth. Here are some topics through which we shape the future of tech-driven retail and where you can be part of:
Personalize the shopping experience for millions, making every app interaction feel tailor-made
Minimize food waste to fuel a more sustainable world
Build the future of robotic fulfilment and warehouse automation at scale
Requirements
You're about to graduate (or recently graduated) a Masters degree in a quantitative field
You've completed relevant
internships or student programs in high-performing, fast-paced environments
; experience in top-tier strategy consulting is a strong plus
You're energized by
taking initiative
, solving complex puzzles, and thinking creatively; entrepreneurial experience is a strong plus
You have a
builder mindset
: hands-on, curious, and eager to challenge the status quo with practical solutions
You have already gained basic knowledge in PowerPoint, Python,SQL, R or similar
*An EU citizenship or valid working permit is required for this application
I don't have a quantitative background, can I still apply?
We can take your application into consideration, as long as your internships and previous projects truly prove your entrepreneurial, hands-on, end-to-end ownership skills, while using data analytics. Must haves:
You hold a Master's degree
You have basic knowledge in Python, SQL, or similar
You've completed relevant internships
What we offer
Application deadlines
Summer Edition 2026
Application deadline:
April 15th, 23:59 CEST
Start dates:
July, August, September, October
*earlier date can be arranged, please indicate your preference in the application question
Winter Edition 2026
Application deadline:
October 15th, 23:59 CEST
Start dates:
December, January, February
*earlier date can be arranged, please indicate your preference in the application question
Location:
Full-time in Düsseldorf, with periodic trips to Amsterdam for training purposes
Case Day at our Picnic HQ in Amsterdam (we'll cover your train & hotel)
Final interview with one of our founders
We look for people with the potential to become future leaders at Picnic and we only hire when we find the right match. That's why our selection process is intentionally thorough and highly selective.
If you pass our initial screening, we'll invite you to complete a skill-based online assessment. Next, you'll meet several Picniciers across teams for interviews focused on real business challenges. You'll experience our culture first-hand and show us how you think, lead, and learn. All these tasks are tough and that's the point. We want to see your curiosity, critical thinking, and resilience in action.
Many talented people, particularly women, underestimate themselves if they don't meet every single requirement. If this opportunity excites you and you believe you have what it takes to thrive here, we strongly encourage you to apply.
Rewarding Impact from Day One
You'll receive an attractive compensation package, designed to reward your ambition, drive, and the direct impact you'll make from your very first project.
Learning & development
Our
Future Leaders Graduate Program - Business Analytics
is designed to offer you a steep learning curve by taking business ownership and end-to-end responsibility early on. You'll get to learn by doing, while mentored by our Picnic leaders that had a similar journey like you. Next to that, you'll benefit from other opportunities like Lepaya training for polishing soft skills or Picnic Tech Academy training in case you want to learn new skills other than what you already do in this program. We also offer free access to trained psychologists via our OpenUp partner, and German language classes if you'd like to get your experience in Germany to the next level.
Relocation
If you're moving from another country to join Picnic we make it as smooth as possible for you. We'll cover your flight costs and a first month's accommodation.
Fresh Lunch, coffee, and snacks
Our offices are equipped with fully-fledged coffee bars and a kitchen. We get delicious fresh and warm lunches every day so you can keep your energy up.
All the rest
At Picnic you get 30 holidays, we cover your travel expenses and offer a pension plan. We subsidise your Deutschlandticket and with the Lease-a-Bike you can get to work sustainably and healthily. And your phone and laptop are on us, of course.
FAQ
How long does the selection process take?
About 6 weeks, depending on your availability for each step.
What is the location of this leadership program?
For this program, you will receive a full-time job offer based in Düsseldorf or Hamburg, depending on your preference.
When should I apply?
The earlier you apply, the sooner you'll know if you are selected.
Does this program include rotation across business domains?
No formal rotations—but your project will evolve in scope or change over time. If you have topic preferences, feel free to share them during the process.
What are the long term opportunities of this program?
This program is a fast track towards a high impact career at Picnic. From day one, you'll be given real responsibility and overtime you'll typically become the end-to-end owner of a business area. That means full accountability: from shaping the strategy and driving step-change improvements, to collaborating with multiple teams to achieve tangible business results.
At Picnic, the long-term opportunity isn't just a role—it's a platform to shape your own career trajectory with real ownership, business impact, and fast growth. Hence the career paths are as diverse as your ambitions. Depending on your interests and strengths, these are most common career paths we've seen so far:
Given our scale-up environment, many projects tend to grow in scope and complexity under your responsibility and you naturally grow a team around you in order to take your project to a next level.
As you grow, you'll deepen your understanding of the business, build a strong internal network, and prove your ability to lead impactful projects. Once you feel you've learned everything in your scope and your projects have been successfully implemented, you can switch to complete different areas of Picnic. We have numerous colleagues that have switched from Commercial to Fulfillment, or from Distribution to Customer and many other examples
Company info
Are you an ambitious graduate ready to tackle complex challenges at the intersection of data, strategy, tech and sustainability? The
Future Leaders Graduate Program - Business Analytics
at Picnic is a two-year launchpad into a high-impact career where you'll combine sharp thinking with hands-on execution. From day one, you'll join a business team, take ownership of key projects, and grow into a future leader who doesn't just identify opportunities—you make them happen!
At Picnic, we don't advise from the sidelines! We roll up our sleeves and build. Whether it's rethinking how customers interact with our app or optimizing our electric vehicle routes, we turn ideas into tangible solutions through a unique mix of analytical thinking, smart technology, and close collaboration across teams. Your work will be seen, shared, and make a real difference.
We own the largest electric delivery fleet in grocery retail, enabling emission free deliveries.
Our app-only model means that we have unmatched data analytics capability, which enables us to better match supply to demand and minimise food waste.
We run a closed-loop recycling system for our plastic bags and several programmes to avoid wasting food products that are approaching their selling date.
From learning to leading
This program focuses on developing well-rounded leaders who combine analytical strength with sharp decision-making and collaboration skills.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Project
Management
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése