Cég neve
TÜV SÜD
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY
ISO
NETWORK
ACCESS
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY
ISO
NETWORK
ACCESS
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Deliver training sessions in Industrial Cyber Security Foundation (IEC 62443)
Teaching up-to-date standards, frameworks, and best practices (e.g., IEC 62443, ISMS, ISO 27001)
Preparing and presenting complex topics in an understandable way for diverse audiences
Supporting the development of digital learning formats (e.g., blended learning, e-learning)
Continuously developing your technical and didactic skills
Requirements
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or a comparable qualification
At least 3 years of practical IT work experience (full-time), including 2 years in an information security role
Proven practical experience in Industrial Security (audit, consulting, implementation of IEC 62443 or similar)
Strong knowledge of relevant standards and management systems (IEC 62443, ISMS, ISO 27001)
Language Skills: Fluent in German and English, with business-level proficiency (comparable to C1)
Pedagogical qualification (e.g., instructor aptitude test, Train-the-Trainer) or equivalent further training
Experience as a trainer, speaker, or consultant
Excellent rhetorical and didactic skills to communicate complex topics clearly
High quality awareness, initiative, and flexibility
Experience with digital learning formats/online training
What we offer
Didactic training and developing opportunities
Exchange with our instrutor network
Access to seminars at TÜV SÜD Academy
Company info
Since 1866, our passion has been dedicated to technology and safety. Innovations impact our lives in countless ways. Every day, we strive to ensure the safety of people and society, fostering trust in new technologies. We are part of progress. We advise, inspect, and certify. Driven by conviction, we shape the world of tomorrow - today. We take the future into our own hands. We are TÜV SÜD, with over 26,000 employees at more than 1,000 locations in around 50 countries.
We are committed to embracing and promoting diversity and individuality within our organization. We welcome applications from individuals of all backgrounds, regardless of age, nationality, ethnic origin, disability, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, or worldview.
Currently we have an open freelance position as
Instructor for Industrial Cybersecurity Foundation
(Level 1) & Professional (Level 2) (m/f/d)
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése