Cég neve
Bridgestone Europe Magyarországi Fióktelepe
Munkavégzés helye
2851, Környe
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
JAVASCRIPT
C++
C
ORACLE
SQL
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
PMP
AGILE
PMI‑
JIRA
Elvárások
Angol középfok
>10 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
JAVASCRIPT
C++
C
ORACLE
SQL
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
PMP
AGILE
PMI‑
JIRA
Angol
középfok
>10
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Lead the local team in developing new applications, ensuring that each phase, from design to coding, is executed with precision and quality.
Oversee the installation and configuration of applications in various environments, ensuring a smooth and seamless transition for end users.
Continuously monitor applications to identify and promptly resolve any issues, keeping applications operational and performing well.
Manage regular updates, patches, and bug fixes, ensuring that applications are always up-to-date and secure.
Provide excellent support to users, quickly resolving issues and enhancing the overall user experience.
Validate information entered against official sources to ensure data accuracy.
Handle data modification requests, providing feedback and reasons for any rejections.
Develop and implement strategies to ensure local data readiness and integrity.
Manage and maintain local data assets to ensure their availability and accuracy.
Create and maintain a manufacturing data catalog at the plant.
Execute the digital roadmap for applications, ensuring that goals are met on time.
Manage the decommissioning roadmap for obsolete applications.
Collaborate in managing the local applications management framework.
Lead the development of local applications aligned with business strategies.
Support the execution of automation projects to improve operational efficiency.
Design and deliver local IT applications that meet business needs.
Manage the application inventory and management framework.
Manage IT incidents related to applications, ensuring timely and effective resolution.
Requirements
Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field
Relevant certifications in Application Development, Project Management (PMP / Prince2), Agile Methodology (PMI‑ACP)
Minimum 10 years of experience in the same or similar role
Knowledge of programming languages such as VS.net, JavaScript, C++, C#, Oracle and/or MS SQL
Knowledge and experience in project management
Knowledge and experience with Agile methodology
Knowledge and experience in using Jira for project tracking and management
English knowledge at B1 level
Ability to validate and manage complex data with attention to detail and precision
Ability to identify and resolve problems promptly and effectively
Excellent communication skills to interact with users and technical teams
Experience in managing personnel, including team leadership and development
What we offer
A supportive and engaging onboarding experience to ensure a smooth transition into our team
The opportunity to develop and grow, through training and regular mentorship
Corporate Social Responsibility activities
A truly global, dynamic and challenging work environment
Agility and work/life effectiveness and your long-term well-being
A diverse and inclusive team
Company info
Bridgestone Americas, Inc. (BSAM), headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee, and Bridgestone Europe, Middle East and Africa (BSEMEA), headquartered in Brussels, Belgium, operate collectively as a “Bridgestone West” strategic region. This region services the strategic business needs of teams across the Americas, Europe, Middle East and Africa. BSAM and BSEMEA are subsidiaries of Bridgestone Corporation, globally headquartered in Japan. Bridgestone and its subsidiaries develop, manufacture and market a wide range of Bridgestone, Firestone and associate brand products and solutions to address the needs of a broad range of customers and industries.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Komárom-Esztergom
county
Környe
Álláshirdetés jelentése