Cég neve
KWS Group
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
BACKEND
FRONTEND.
DEVOPS
C
PYTHON
AWS
DOCKER
APACHE
SPARK
DATABASES
POSTGRESQL
ORACLE
AZURE
GIT
SCRUM
JIRA
AGILE
Elvárások
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
BACKEND
FRONTEND.
DEVOPS
C
PYTHON
AWS
DOCKER
APACHE
SPARK
DATABASES
POSTGRESQL
ORACLE
AZURE
GIT
SCRUM
JIRA
AGILE
Német
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
We are looking to recruit, at the earliest possible date, a full-time and permanent
Software Developer (m/f/d) for scientific applications with a focus on Big Data
to strengthen our development team at KWS Saat SE & Co. KGaA in Einbeck, Lower Saxony.
The role involves replacing an existing application by a redevelopment. This application is a central component of plant breeding and molecular biology at various international KWS locations. You will work in an experienced SCRUM team and closely with a long-standing Product Owner from the field of molecular biology. Prior knowledge of plant breeding and genetics is not required, as this expertise will be provided by our specialists. After the onboarding period, remote work within Germany is possible.
Your tasks:
You are convinced that understanding the domain is a fundamental requirement for efficient and effective software development. In workshops, you will analyse the business domain together with domain experts. Based on this, you will design and implement a suitable software solution in close cooperation with the users, using .NET, cloud technologies and data pipelines. Together with an experienced team of Data Architects and Data Engineers, you will master the migration of a relational system into the newly designed data lakehouse. Your team will implement new or existing interfaces and data services and will later be responsible for both the backend and an end-user frontend. At the same time, your team ensures the smooth operation of the legacy system. By applying modern DevOps practices, you guarantee reliable and efficient software operations.
Requirements
University degree in computer science or a comparable qualification
Very good knowledge of C# (.NET Core) and Python
Practical experience with distributed systems, ideally in an AWS cloud environment or with Docker and Kubernetes
Practical experience with DataLake technologies, such as Databricks or AWS Athena and Apache Spark
Practical experience in professional software development (e.g., dependency injection, mocking, TDD, CI/CD pipelines)
Confident handling of relational databases (PostgreSQL, Oracle) and AWS-based technologies in general
Proficient in Azure DevOps, Jira or GitLab, version control with GIT, and agile working methods (SCRUM)
Good command of English and German required
What we offer
As a family-run company, we live with the values of proximity, reliability, vision and independence - a culture that is also lived in practice, e.g. through an open and friendly working atmosphere.
True to the motto: "Make yourself grow!", we promote individual professional and personal development.
As a basis, we offer excellent work equipment, a full-fledged, subsidized canteen, direct rail connections and sufficient free parking spaces at the site.
We create the appropriate framework conditions for you: flexible working hours and flexible remote opportunities within Germany, company pension scheme, capital-forming benefits, Christmas and holiday bonuses, preferential shares, childcare allowance, Job Bike & Job Ticket
Health and safety are very important to us, which is ensured by the company doctor, company fire brigade / paramedic (with time credit) and company sports.
We look forward to receiving your application online.
Company info
KWS is one of the world's leading plant breeding companies. Nearly 5,000 employees in more than 70 countries generated net sales of around €1.68 billion in the fiscal year 2023/2024. A company with a tradition of family ownership, KWS has operated independently for almost 170 years. It focuses on plant breeding and the production and sale of seed for sugarbeet, corn, cereals, vegetables, oilseed rape and sunflower. KWS uses leading-edge plant breeding methods to continuously improve yield for farmers and plants' resistance to diseases, pests and abiotic stress. To that end, the company invested more than €300 million last fiscal year in research and development.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése