Cég neve
Digitec Galaxus AG
Munkavégzés helye
Pfingstweidstrasse 60b, 8005 Zürich
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
TESTING
SQL
BACKEND
CLOUD
SCRUM
Elvárások
Angol középfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
TESTING
SQL
BACKEND
CLOUD
SCRUM
Angol
középfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Who we are?
As the top Swiss e-commerce platform, with a crew of over 3'200 across Switzerland, Germany, and Serbia, Galaxus is poised to move into new markets. Our driving force is our determination to keep challenging the status quo. That’s why we’re on the lookout for characters who’re passionate about making genuine improvements. We’ll give you the freedom and trust to make an impact, to grow with us and to be yourself. Act galactic. Be you.
In this role, you are more than a coordinator, you are the entrepreneurial driver of our Data Platforms. You identify opportunities where data can create a competitive advantage for our Online Shop and own the product vision, balancing technical innovation with business impact. By facilitating Scrum and prioritizing the roadmap based on ROI and strategy, you lead engineers in building a scalable, high-performance data environment while guiding stakeholders toward data-driven decisions.
(Senior) Product Owner / Data Platforms Online Shop (f/m/d)
Your responsibilities
Own the vision, strategy, and roadmap of Digitec Galaxus in-house user behavior tracking, core data models, customer interest profiles and A/B-testing platform.
Develop new data products that enable us to understand user needs and personalize shopping experience
Perform hands-on data analysis using SQL to assess data quality, identify anomalies or tracking issues, and collaborate with data and engineering teams to determine their root causes and drive resolution
Define & govern tracking standards, own the process for defining and evolving our global tracking schema and standards.
Promote a data-driven culture by advocating for the importance of accurate and comprehensive user behavior tracking as the bedrock of data-driven decision-making. Provide guidance, documentation, and support to teams implementing tracking.
Your skills
At least 5 years of proven experience as a Data Product Owner, or Data Engineer or Analyst
Skilled in using SQL for in-depth data analysis, supporting cross-functional teams in product development and issue resolution
Hands-on experience with user behavior event data, schemas, tracking plans, and ensuring data quality and consistency
Proven experience in defining product strategy and translating it into action with engineering teams. Experience with data pipelines, APIs, and backend systems; cloud platforms (GCP) are a plus
Strong communication skills with complex concepts and align with technical and non-technical stakeholders
Fluent English as mandatory, while German is a plus
Why start with us?
Values, not empty words: Cooperative, innovative, piratesque, responsible, ambitious – these five values are what we practise and preach.
Courageous thinking: We encourage everyone to think on their feet, and love it when they come up with bold or edgy ideas.
Uncomplicated approach: Simplicity is at our core. We avoid the unnecessary and focus on what really matters – from overcoming challenges to celebrating our shared successes.
Flexibility and freedom: We offer working-from-home options, up to 8 weeks of workation, and every position is possible with an 80% workload.
Rapid growth: With us, growth is a continuous journey. We also support you with 2'000 EDU points per year for your professional development so there’s no risk of you getting stuck in a rut.
More benefits: 25 days of holiday, exclusive employee conditions in our online shop, mobile, internet and TV plans at company rates and many other benefits.
Diversity is our culture.
To build the best team, we want to draw from the full spectrum of talent out there. This means people from all walks of life have the same opportunities with us, regardless of their ethnicity, religion, disability status, gender identity, sexual orientation or age. We believe true inclusion means everyone is welcome and each contribution is valuable. jidbc2ff5cpn jit0312pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Switzerland
Álláshirdetés jelentése