Cég neve
Swisslinx
Munkavégzés helye
Svájc
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
5-10 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
5-10
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Senior SAP FS-RI Business Analyst - Re/Insurance (Remote in CH)
Analyze business requirements, perform data analysis, and propose solutions/designs
Execute change initiatives and enhancement…
Senior SAP FS-RI Business Analyst - Re/Insurance (Remote in CH)
Job description:
Analyze business requirements, perform data analysis, and propose solutions/designs
Execute change initiatives and enhancement projects
Coordinate closely with business stakeholders and the onshore development team
Organize, execute, and support testing and training activities * Prepare and maintain clear, structured documentation
About the customer:
For a leading global reinsurance company, we are seeking a highly experienced Senior SAP FS-RI Business Analyst with excellent expertise in SAP FS-RI (Reinsurance - Base and Risk Manager Non-Life), including batch processing, closing processes, and data model understanding.
Fully Remote in Switzerland
Start: ASAP
Duration: until , extension possible
Pensum: 80% to 100%, both possible
Your team
Responsible for the maintenance and further development of its core reinsurance system (Integrated Reinsurance System SAP FS-RI/CD/BW).
They handle 3 different business scenarios: Assumed reinsurance, ceded reinsurance and pooling for international programs. They have an increased project-pipeline and need external support to handle the overall demand. Main part of the externals is located in a nearshore location, which handles all FS-RI /CD development.
Requirements:
Must-have Skills:
Excellent expertise in SAP FS-RI (Base and Risk Manager Non-Life), including batch processing, closing processes, and data model understanding.
Min. 5 years' experience as a reinsurance business analyst, with a strong preference for candidates bringing 8+ years
One cycle End-to-end implementation experience SAP FS-RI
Able to work independently and deliver changes/projects with minimal guidance
Highly client-focused team player with strong collaboration skills
Fluent in English (required);
Proficient in MS Office (Excel, Word etc.)
Nice-to-Have skills, with a great advantage:
SAP BW, FS-CD or accounting expertise is a strong advantage
German or Italian language skills are a plus
Experience with SAP ABAP
Guidewire reinsurance add-on knowledge
SAP FI expertise including ALE knowledge
Experience with Microsoft Azure jid4dd2e25pn jit0312pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Bank,
Insurance, Brokering
Bank,
Insurance Agent
Switzerland
Álláshirdetés jelentése