Cég neve
Ringier AG
Munkavégzés helye
Svájc
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY
DEVOPS
CLOUD
AWS
REST
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
3-5 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY
DEVOPS
CLOUD
AWS
REST
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
3-5
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Platform Engineer (Palantir Foundry) (a)*
This role is central to the stability, security, and evolution of our enterprise Palantir Foundry & AIP platform. It's a hands-on position for a technical expert who combines deep platform administration knowledge with robust coding skills to ensure our platform is reliable, secure, and easy to use. As a Platform Engineer, you will be developing solutions for monitoring, automating governance, and providing crucial support to our users.
Platform Engineer (Palantir Foundry) (a)*
Your tasks
Administer the Palantir Foundry platform, managing the security model including Spaces, Organizations, User Groups, and Markings
Implement and oversee data governance practices and ensure compliance
Develop and maintain automated monitoring and alerting solutions using and Foundry APIs to ensure platform reliability and performance
Proactively identify and resolve platform issues, managing incidents from detection to resolution
Serve as the first level of support for platform users, managing and resolving issues through a ticketing system and providing clear communication
Liaise with Palantir support and engineering teams to resolve complex issues and manage platform updates
Monitor platform usage and costs, identifying and implementing opportunities for FinOps and cost optimization
Your profile
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field, or equivalent experience
Experience: 3-5+ years of professional experience in platform administration, DevOps, Site Reliability Engineering (SRE), or a similar technical role
Palantir Foundry Expertise: Strong hands-on experience administering Palantir Foundry, with a deep understanding of its security model (Organizations, Spaces, Markings, User Groups) is highly appreciated
Familiarity with platform governance, resource management, and monitoring tools within Foundry
Experience working with Palantir Foundry APIs for automation, monitoring, or integration purposes
Core Technical Skills:
Solid programming proficiency, particularly in , for scripting and automation
Good understanding of REST APIs and how to interact with them
Experience with cloud platforms (Palantir, AWS are a plus) is beneficial
Familiarity with CI/CD principles and tools.
Mindset:
A strong DevOps and SRE mindset, focused on automation, reliability, and continuous improvement
Excellent problem-solving skills and a customer-centric approach to providing effective user support
Strong communication skills to collaborate effectively with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Our offer:
We value work-life balance and have flexible working hours
A chance to work with a team of experienced engineers committed to continuous learning, with opportunities for growth through knowledge-sharing sessions and webinars
Work with an international team of world-class engineers
A modern, sunny, open working place with a positive and fun atmosphere
A stimulating work experience that will allow you to grow both professionally and personally
Would you like to work in this diverse environment and join our fantastic team? Then we look forward to receiving your application.
We are committed to diversity and believe that it is an opportunity. *Everyone should be able to be themselves. We create a working environment where this is possible.
Artificial intelligence is shaping the future. That is why we are looking for people who want to drive digital innovation forward with us.
We only consider direct applications for this position.
Recruiting Partner
jid398eae6pn jit0312pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Support, Helpdesk
Switzerland
Álláshirdetés jelentése