Cég neve
Academic Work Switzerland SA
Munkavégzés helye
Svájc
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
BI
DATABASE
SQL
POWER BI
EXCEL
R
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
BI
DATABASE
SQL
POWER
BI
EXCEL
R
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Ready to go beyond basic spreadsheets? Join a global "Center of Data Excellence" and use your coding skills to drive a massive international transformation. Apply now and join the transition.
(Junior) Data Analyst
About the role
Our client, a global manufacturing leader, offers you the chance to join their team on the 1st of April or by arrangement. You will collaborate on a custom-built system to optimize global data structures, working closely with specialists in a flexible, trust-based environment.
Work tasks
Drive data quality analysis and synchronization
Own and evolve the Power BI reporting layer to meet weekly changing requirements
Build and scale a Graph Database (Neo4j) to map complex global structures
Analyze fragmented data systems to transform them into one unified global logic
We are looking for
Proficiency in SQL scripting and experience in R or
Practical knowledge of Power BI development
M365 skills (Excel)
Proactive, resilient personality with high attention to detail
Fluency in English, German and/or French are a plus
EU/EFTA Citizenship
Your Benefits
High Trust & Flexibility: No rigid core hours—we focus on results, not the clock
Tech-First Culture: A "Center of Data Excellence" where code beats manual entry
Global Impact: Direct responsibility for a massive international transformation
Modern Vibe: Dynamic, international team with a transparent and proactive culture
Our recruitment process
This recruitment process is handled by Academic Work and it is our client’s wish that all questions regarding the position is directed to Academic Work.
Our selection process is continuous and the advert may close before the recruitment process is completed if we have moved forward to the next phase. The process includes two tests: one personality test and one cognitive test. The tests are tools to find the right talent for the right position, to enable equality, diversity, and a fair process. jid0c29d22pn jit0312pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Switzerland
Álláshirdetés jelentése