Cég neve
Riverty
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
BACKEND
C
CLOUD
AZURE
API
FRONTEND
ANGULAR
DATABASES
SQL
ENTITY FRAMEWORK
SCRUM
AGILE
AUTOMATED TESTS
Elvárások
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
BACKEND
C
CLOUD
AZURE
API
FRONTEND
ANGULAR
DATABASES
SQL
ENTITY
FRAMEWORK
SCRUM
AGILE
AUTOMATED
TESTS
Német
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Design, develop, test, and ship robust, maintainable, and readable software, applications, APIs, and other workflows
Initiate, participate in, and communicate technical architecture designs
Attend regular scrum ceremonies as a member of an agile cross-functional team
Analyze, discuss, and implement business requirements while maintaining good documentation of the systems and components you create
Bring in industry standards and best practices to continually improve our codebase and architecture
Make a positive impact on our engineering culture by adopting, implementing, and providing feedback on both organisational and industry standards and practices
All solutions developed cloud-native targeting Azure - Infrastructure defined using Terraform - Services deployed to Kubernetes clusters by default - A growing microservice ecosystem with event-based integration - Using latest .NET Core - RESTful API design - Single-page frontend apps served by CDN - Frontend tech using TypeScript, often Angular or standard Web Components (Stencil) - Automated tests in each layer - Design collaboration using Figma.
Requirements
Hands-on experience with C# and the .NET framework, with a minimum of 5 years of experience
Experience in developing, shipping, and maintaining cloud-based applications
Good knowledge and experience working with microservices and distributed architectures
A deep understanding and knowledge of RESTful APIs
Years of experience using relational databases, preferably SQL Server. Additionally, working knowledge of ORMs, preferably Entity Framework
Familiarity with cloud development; experience with Azure is a bonus
Practical knowledge of using messaging platforms in a distributed architecture (e.g., RabbitMQ, Kafka)
Proficiency in both written and spoken English
Knowledge and experience on a FinTech and banking industry is a plus
Please note:
you need to have EU citizenship or a valid work permit for Germany.
Company info
Everything we do, starts with you.
Together with you, we build the most human-centric fintech. To enable everyone's future financial growth.
We are looking for a
(Senior) Backend Engineer (C#/.Net) (m/f/d)
Join our team at our location in Berlin – hybrid working conditions available.
Our solutions contribute to flexible and customer-friendly payment alternatives. We offer consumers the opportunity to choose when and how they want to pay, whilst guaranteeing a steady and predictable cashflow for merchants. Our products make us proud, but not content and we have high ambitions for our existing as well as upcoming products. We have a strong commitment to building the future of FinTech — human-centric and sustainable. With investments to back it up. You will be part of a new and quickly growing product & tech organisation, having the opportunity to shape our new teams as well as build the next revolutionary products.
Our teams have autonomy when it comes to tech choices. The example below will give you some insights, and we are looking forward to discussing this further with you.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése