Cég neve
TÜV SÜD
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
SQL
PYTHON
JAVA
SPARK
TROUBLESHOOTING
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
SQL
PYTHON
JAVA
SPARK
TROUBLESHOOTING
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Develop and maintain ETL/ELT pipelines for both structured and unstructured data
Ensure the integrity, availability, and performance of data across ingestion and storage layers
Collaborate with analysts and architects to translate business requirements into scalable data models
Automate and monitor data workflows across cloud and hybrid environments
Support data platform users and teams by troubleshooting and optimizing data pipelines and flows
Requirements
Minimum 5 years of professional experience in a similar role
Proficiency in at least one of the following technologies: SQL, Python, Java, or Scala, as well as experience with data processing frameworks (e.g., Spark)
Experience with cloud-based data platforms (e.g., Microsoft Fabric, Databricks, Snowflake, GCP)
Experience in data warehousing (design and implementation) and with data lake technologies
Strong knowledge of data integration (ETL/ELT), data modeling, and real-time and/or batch data pipelines
Ability to implement and support a reliable data infrastructure
Strong collaboration and communication skills when working with technical and non-technical stakeholders
Fluent English language skills
What we offer
What we offer
Flexible working hours
Special payments
Corporate health and safety management
Company info
At TÜV SÜD we are passionate about technology. Innovations impact our daily lives in countless ways, and we are dedicated to being a part of that progress. We test, we audit, we inspect, we advise. We never stop challenging ourselves for the safety of society and its people. We breathe technology, we strive for professional excellence, and we leave a mark. We take the future into our hands. We are TÜV SÜD.
Join us as a Data Engineer (f/m/d) and help build scalable and secure data pipelines and processing workflows that enable efficient data movement and analytics across TÜV SÜD's platform landscape.
If you want to shape the future with us, we look forward to receiving your application for our location Munich.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése