Cég neve
Riverty
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
POWERSHELL
AZURE
DEVOPS
CONFLUENCE
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
POWERSHELL
AZURE
DEVOPS
CONFLUENCE
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What will be your challenge?
Execute and maintain
platform-wide automation and configuration-as-code practices
. This role supports standardization, compliance, and service repeatability through reusable automation assets, template logic, and test tenant validation pipelines.
Key Tasks
Apply and maintain DSC baselines and other configuration-as-code models for subscriptions
Develop and improve platform automation runbooks for cross-team reuse
Build and test reusable service configuration templates for provisioning consistency
Maintain and operate test tenants for validation of infrastructure updates and automation pipelines
Collaborate with platform teams to standardize config formats and execution practices
Troubleshoot automation failures and track config drift or enforcement errors
Document automation flows, template libraries, and tenant setup logic
Requirements
Tools & Platforms must-have knowledge
DSC, Bicep, PowerShell, GitHub Actions
Azure Automation, Azure DevOps, test tenant environments
Infrastructure template repositories and config delivery pipelines
Confluence, SharePoint, or equivalent for documentation
Recommended Qualifications
A bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field.
Previous experience working in the banking or Fintech domain.
A reasonable level of competence in software development, cybersecurity, application monitoring & support.
Hands-on experience with DSC or other configuration-as-code tools
Familiarity with Azure automation services and test tenant management
Ability to write, test, and troubleshoot platform automation runbooks
Strong scripting and config templating skills (PowerShell, Bicep)
Experience in platform standardization and reusable service templates
Fluent written and spoken English language skills for effective communication and collaboration with our international team.
What we offer
Our plus points:
Inclusive and valuing culture: At Riverty, you can be who you are. We strive to create an inclusive environment and an appreciative culture, enhanced by our employee networks.
Health & Wellbeing: Your physical and mental health is important to us. Take advantage of our various preventive care and support services.
Professional and Personal Development: Take advantage of our numerous training and development opportunities. Benefit, for example, from training courses offered by Bertelsmann University, language courses or leadership trainings.
Monetary Benefits & Discounts: Know that you're appreciated with plenty of employee benefits & discounts just for you.
Flexibility: Our diverse working models empower you to customize your work to perfectly align with your preferences. Benefit from mobile office, flexible working hours and part-time models.
More information on riverty.com/careers.
Equal Opportunity Employer Statement
We want to be a fair and inclusive employer. We value the diverse perspectives that a diverse workforce brings to the table. Therefore, we are actively looking for people who enrich our company through their identity, background and personal experiences, with or without a disability.
Company: Riverty Tech OÜ| Job ID: 285718
Company info
Everyone's story matters. Come shape your story with us at Riverty.
But where does that take you?
To one of our 30 hybrid workspaces – designed for exchanging ideas, learning from others, and shaping the way we work. An international community of over 4,000 people, representing almost 80 nationalities across 11 countries. United by one mission: Combining empathy, advanced technology and data-driven insights to keep people and businesses in flow. With payments made for them. So that they don't have to worry about it.
And there's more.
We are part of the family-owned Bertelsmann group. Established. Corporate. In a fast-paced industry. We enable flexible payments in various industries, simplifying the financial management of known brands and helping people repay debt to build financial confidence. In short: shaping FinTech.
We are looking for a
Cloud Engineer (unlimited, full-time) Join our team at our location in Tallinn or Berlin – flexible working conditions are available
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése