Cég neve
Zurich Instruments AG
Munkavégzés helye
Technoparkstrasse 1, 8005 Zürich, Switzerland
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Biztosított eszközök
Linux
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Linux
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Senior Embedded Software Engineer (80-100%)
Zurich Instruments is a technology leader in advanced test and measurement instruments and in control electronics for quantum computing. Our products are used in many challenging research fields by scientists all over the world and by leading high-tech companies worldwide. We help advance science and build the next generation of quantum computers.
Are you interested to learn how quantum computers work? Do you feel challenged and enthusiastic about building embedded systems that set new performance benchmarks in the market? This is your chance to join our high-quality R&D team in Zurich as a Senior Embedded Software Engineer (80-100%)!
Your responsibilities
Implement, test, and verify software executed on embedded systems running Linux
Debug software that provides limited visibility when running in an embedded environment
Develop and optimize FPGA logic that lays at the boundary and interacts with the embedded software
Maintain a high quality standard by reviewing code contributions by other developers
Collaborate closely with software, FPGA, and hardware development teams as well as product management
Help design digital systems with state-of-the-art SoC and FPGA chips for new products
Follow new trends in the embedded software development market, and propose the adoption of new concepts and tools
Your profile
MSc or PhD in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science
Expert knowhow in developing embedded software that interacts both with high-performance host computers and with underlying hardware including FPGAs
Advanced knowledge of embedded Linux development and tooling
Deep understanding of technologies like Ethernet, PCIe, CPU caches, DDR memories, DMA engines, etc.
Expert knowledge of C++. Basic knowhow of either VHDL or Verilog/SystemVerilog
Solid understanding of FPGA logic design and development tools
Proficient in English, additional languages are a plus
We offer a diverse work environment with an open and transparent company culture where personal development forms the basis of our success. We thrive on cooperation and support distributed decision-making that allows everyone to take responsibility and generate substantial impact from the start and on many levels.
Now is a great time to join the team.
We look forward to receiving your resume and motivation letter. jid32aed77pn jit0312pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Engineer
Mechatronics
Engineer
Switzerland
Álláshirdetés jelentése