Cég neve
Diligent Governance Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
TESTING
FRONTEND
BACKEND
AWS
ANGULAR
ANALYTICS
SECURITY
API
DEVOPS
DOCKER
.C.
ACCESS
TEST AUTOMATION
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
5-10 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
TESTING
FRONTEND
BACKEND
AWS
ANGULAR
ANALYTICS
SECURITY
API
DEVOPS
DOCKER
.C.
ACCESS
TEST
AUTOMATION
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
5-10
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Lead testing strategy and execution across complex microservices and frontend/backend architectures (AWS, .NET, Angular, APIs, etc.)
Design, develop, and maintain robust test automation frameworks, integrating seamlessly into CI/CD pipelines (Playwright, AWS CDK), with a DevSecOps mindset
Pioneer the use of AI-driven testing solutions—evaluate and implement intelligent test generation, defect prediction, and adaptive test strategies using LLMs and other AI models
Apply responsible AI practices by embedding bias detection, safety validation, and explainability checks into QA processes and automation
Collaborate across teams to ensure quality is built-in from the start, promoting a shift-left mindset and influencing engineering practices
Use observability tools and data analytics to identify systemic issues and improve performance, coverage, and resilience
Lead test strategy reviews, architecture discussions, and mentor engineers in automation, AI-enhanced QA workflows, and testing best practices
Stay up to date with AI trends, tools, and regulations; adapt test strategies accordingly to support compliance, security, and innovation
Requirements
5+ years in software engineering in test roles within commercial software environments
Strong expertise in TypeScript, Playwright, or a similar end-to-end testing tool, with a willingness to develop deep expertise in Playwright
Proven experience with API and backend testing, including microservices and monolithic systems
Experience designing automation frameworks and integrating them into CI/CD pipelines (e.g., GitHub Actions)
Familiarity with AWS serverless services and modern DevOps practices (IaC, Docker, observability tools)
Exposure to security principles in delivery pipelines (IAM, secrets management, DevSecOps)
Strong understanding of AI in software engineering, such as using LLMs to assist with test generation and defect triage, embedding monitoring and validation around AI components, designing QA strategies for AI-infused systems (e.g., prompt testing, model input/output verification)
Exceptional communication skills and experience mentoring or leading others in a quality or test leadership capacity
What we offer
Creativity is ingrained in our culture. We are innovative collaborators by nature. We thrive in exploring how things can be differently both in our internal processes and to help our clients
We care about our people. Diligent offers a flexible work environment, global days of service, comprehensive health benefits, meeting free days, generous time off policy and wellness programs to name a few
We have teams all over the world. We may be headquartered in New York City, but we have office hubs in Washington D.C., Vancouver, London, Galway, Budapest, Munich, Bengaluru, Singapore, and Sydney.
Diversity is important to us. Growing, maintaining and promoting a diverse team is a top priority for us. We foster and encourage diversity through our Employee Resource Groups and provide access to resources and education to support the education of our team, facilitate dialogue, and foster understanding.
Hybrid work model with expectation to work onsite at least 50% of the time if within commuting distance to an office location
Company info
Diligent is the AI leader in governance, risk and compliance (GRC) SaaS solutions, helping more than 1 million users and 700,000 board members to clarify risk and elevate governance. The Diligent One Platform gives practitioners, the C-Suite and the board a consolidated view of their entire GRC practice so they can more effectively manage risk, build greater resilience and make better decisions, faster.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Tester,
Test Engineer
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése