Cég neve
Bosch Gruppe
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
NETWORK
SECURITY
CLOUD
JAVA
C++
C
PYTHON
MATLAB
AGILE
DATA MANAGEMENT
MACHINE LEARNING
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
NETWORK
SECURITY
CLOUD
JAVA
C++
C
PYTHON
MATLAB
AGILE
DATA
MANAGEMENT
MACHINE
LEARNING
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
In an increasingly complex and dynamic business world, corporate research at Bosch is pivotal. As the driving force behind early-stage development of new technologies and business opportunities, Corporate Research ensures Bosch's long-term competitiveness and innovative prowess. Our strategic orientation and culture are designed not just to tackle future challenges, but to transform them into opportunities.
Over a period of up to 18 months, you will embark on a journey through various stations in Germany and abroad, taking on significant responsibilities in areas such as Advanced Digital and AI Solutions, Advanced XCross AI Physical Systems, Advanced Engineering of Components and Production, and Advanced Technologies. You will engage in global projects involving Bosch Group's technically fascinating and sophisticated products.
Together, we will lay the foundation for your future as a manager. At Bosch, leadership means continuously advancing yourself and others, influencing existing processes, and achieving challenging, entrepreneurial, and meaningful goals.
What We Offer:
Flexible Start Date:
Choose the start date that works best for you and decide when your permanent employment contract begins.
Customized Program:
Design your program with 4-5 stations in agile product areas, corporate start-ups, or classic line organizations.
Global Exposure:
Experience Bosch during a station abroad.
Learning and Development:
Enhance your practical experience with a variety of learning and training methods, supported by an individual budget.
Mentorship:
Benefit from the network and experience of your personal mentor at the management level.
Requirements
Personality:
Strong leadership skills and an entrepreneurial mindset.
Flexibility, initiative, and intercultural competence.
Background:
Completed a
doctorate
in one of the following fields:
Information / Cyber Security
Information Security Engineering
System Design, Cloud Architecture
Data Management
Software / Quantum Computing
AI and Data Science
Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Neural Networks
Distributed Systems (architecture, communication, software development)
Power Electronics, Semiconductor
Experience and Expertise:
Proficiency in one or more of the following: Java, C++, C, Python, Matlab, ML-Ops, algorithm development, Big Data, and cloud-based systems.
International experience with at least one 3-month stay abroad and relevant industry internships.
Very good command of English and a good command of German.
What we offer
Work-life balance
: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport
: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare
: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts
: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity
: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services
: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Company info
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The
Robert Bosch GmbH
is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Gerlingen
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése