Cég neve
MF Group AG
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
6830 Chiasso
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
JAVA
AGILE
MACHINE LEARNING
TESTING—
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
JAVA
AGILE
MACHINE
LEARNING
TESTING—
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Software Engineer (m/f/d)
MF Group is a subsidiary of Riverty and part of the Bertelsmann Group. Around 120 employees work across two locations in Switzerland to make invoice-based purchasing with flexible installment payments even simpler and safer for Swiss retailers. As a leading Swiss provider, we are a key partner for the retail sector, combining credit checks, fraud prevention, invoicing, and pre-financing into a comprehensive end?to?end solution.
In addition to our straightforward invoice payment solutions—both online and in?store—we offer private customers flexible cash loans. We also issue a variety of payment cards. Our strength lies in managing complex projects where multiple sales channels and payment methods interact seamlessly. We work with nearly all major brick?and?mortar and online retailers in Switzerland, actively shaping the future of payments.
We are looking for support as
Software Engineer (m/f/d)
(unlimited, full-time) Join our team at our location in Chiasso - flexible working conditions available
Software Engineer (m/f/d)
Job Responsibilities:
We build and maintain core financial services that power MF Group products. This includes systems for tracking customer account balances, orchestrating invoice creation and distribution, and ensuring financial data flows accurately across merchants and platforms. Whether working on ledgers, customer-facing invoice flows, or credit card and digital payment solutions, as a Senior Software Engineer you will face exciting technical challenges in a dynamic and informal atmosphere. You will participate in the definition and implementation of new functional and non functional requirements—from analysis to testing—while also contributing to the integration of payment systems, the development of new features, and the delivery of secure, scalable, and user-friendly experiences for both merchants and consumers.
In particular you will:
Develop, test, and ship robust, maintainable, and readable software, applications, APIs, and workflows.
Collaborate with team members to improve the current software architecture and reduce complexity.
Solve technical challenges and contribute ideas for improvement.
Monitor production systems and identify opportunities for optimization.
Contribute to a positive engineering culture by adopting and following best practices.
What will help you to succeed in the role:
2+ years of professional experience in software development, with knowledge of Object-Oriented and/or Functional programming paradigms.
Familiarity with industry standards and practices in software engineering.
You have critical thinking attitude to question the status quo and come up with concrete ideas.
Enthusiasm for learning new technologies and approaches.
You thrive in collaborative environments, value diverse perspectives, and communicate clearly in Italian (preferred) and English across disciplines.
How to stand out:
Knowledge of the Java stack, particularly the ecosystem.
Experience with scalable modular applications.
Exposure to containerized architectures and technologies.
Interest or experience in the FinTech domain.
Interest in Machine Learning technologies, either through prior studies or a strong motivation to learn.
Company: MF Group AG | Job ID: 287177
What we offer:
Immerse yourself in a welcoming, trust-filled atmosphere as part of our agile teams and explore the fantastic opportunities within the Bertelsmann Group.
An agile working environment where value is delivered every couple of days.
Empower your growth and professional development with Riverty's training sessions and customized development plans.
Together, we'll learn, evolve, and achieve success.
Experience the best of both worlds with about 40% Home Office, which let you mix on-site teamwork and remote work to create the perfect professional experience that suits your life.
Know that you're appreciated with plenty of employee benefits & discounts just for you.
Please note that benefits could be different depending on agreement details, and they may change over time. We'd be delighted to explore these benefits in greater depth during an interview. jid099d5f6pn jit0312pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Switzerland
Álláshirdetés jelentése