Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
NETWORK
ADOBE
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
NETWORK
ADOBE
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Thrive on innovation with a global technology leader. Develop exciting customer-centric digital solutions and business models in the diverse, dynamic and stable work environment at
ZEISS Digital Partners
. Join our inspiring colleagues in a modern workspace and benefit from our open culture. Cooperating closely with our ZEISS businesses around the globe, we enable the digital future @speed and @scale for ZEISS.
With us, you have the opportunity to perfectly combine your studies with practical experience while actively contributing to exciting projects. This allows you to gain valuable skills, expand your network, and grow both professionally and personally.
Project Work:
be a part of our project teams and gain experience in making innovative designs for different ZEISS products
Creating Visuals:
Create illustrations and key visuals for concepts, posters or prototypes, quickly represent or test ideas through visuals, prepare visuals for physical use, including printing and cutting in our plotter room
Workshop
Preparation:
create and organize Miro boards for collaborative sessions, support in the overall logistics of workshop preparation, ideate activities and transform ideas into low-fidelity visuals
Research Support:
assist in interview preparation and analysis of qualitative and quantitative insights, conduct data analysis and visualization of research findings, perform benchmark and market analysis to inform and inspire design decisions
Requirements
Currently enrolled in a degree program related to User Experience Design, Interaction Design, or a similar field
Familiarity with design tools (e.g. Figma, Miro, Adobe Creative Suite)
Basic knowledge of user research methodologies and data analysis
Visual design skills with an eye for detail
Excellent communication and organizational skills
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Flexible, proactive, and eager to learn in a fast-paced environment
Fluent in both English and German
Attending in-person sessions at our Munich office as needed
Sounds exciting? Then become part of #teamZEISS and help us shape the future! Please provide your
complete application documents (CV, transcript of records)
.
Company info
As a student, you work with your colleagues on an equal footing and create ideal conditions for your future career.
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése