Cég neve
Tieto Germany GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
TESTING
SAP
SELENIUM
JAVA
JAVASCRIPT
PYTHON
TEST AUTOMATION
SOFTWARE TESTING
AGILE
JENKINS
ISTQB
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
TESTING
SAP
SELENIUM
JAVA
JAVASCRIPT
PYTHON
TEST
AUTOMATION
SOFTWARE
TESTING
AGILE
JENKINS
ISTQB
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Design, build and operate scalable test automation frameworks for enterprise environments
Drive and consult on test automation strategies for our customers
Develop and maintain automated test cases (e.g. regression, integration, system and acceptance tests)
Perform technical software testing for tailor-made solutions, SAP environments and complex system landscapes
Contribute to quality assurance concepts in agile development projects with a strong focus on automation
Collaborate closely with developers, architects and project managers in cross-functional teams
Requirements
Strong technical expertise in software testing and solid background in software development
3+ years experience with modern automation tools such as Playwright and/or Selenium
Hands-on development experience (e.g. Java) as well as proficiency in scripting languages such as JavaScript and Python
Experience with CI/CD integration and pipeline automation (e.g. Jenkins, Bamboo)
ISTQB certification is an advantage
Ability to handle discussions in German and English (spoken and written)
As a person, we believe you are a team player who takes action and demonstrates responsibility to organize your work and solve your tasks. You will continue to both learn from, and coach your colleagues, so communication is important for us. Technology is developing fast, so learning new innovative technologies is something you strive to do.
What we offer
We offer you professional growth, meaningful projects, open culture, and an outstanding work-life balance! We offer you an opportunity to create the future of a growing, fast-developing, and important sector. We believe that our organizational culture is an important part of enabling you to be successful. We provide a flexible hybrid work model as part of our culture and way of working. Finally, we also believe in curiosity and learning as a lifestyle where you need to unlearn and relearn every day as new possibilities emerge.
Location: Vienna, Linz, Graz, Berlin, Regensburg
Additional Information
At Tieto, we believe in the power of diversity, equity, and inclusion. We encourage applicants of all backgrounds, genders (m/f/d), and walks of life to join our team, as we believe that this fosters an inspiring workplace and fuels innovation. Our commitment to openness, trust, and diversity is at the heart of our mission to create digital futures that benefit businesses, societies, and humanity.
Diversity, equity and inclusion (tietoevry.com)
Company info
Tieto is a leading software and digital engineering services company with global market reach and capabilities. We provide customers across different industries with mission-critical solutions through our specialized software businesses Tieto Caretech, Tieto Banktech and Tieto Indtech, as well as Tieto Tech Consulting business. Join our 15 000 talented vertical software, design, cloud and AI experts and empower our customers to succeed and innovate with the latest technology.
Since 2000, Tieto has been represented in Germany. With about 100 experts, Tietoevry Germany is committed to develop enterprises and society through IT by realizing new opportunities in customers' business transformation.
We believe in professional development and results by supporting our customers on their journey into a meaningful digital future
Are you a skilled Test Automation Engineer with a passion for problem-solving, interested in joining one of the largest tech companies in the Nordics? Then this role is for you!
We are looking for a
Test Automation Engineer
who wants to be part of Tieto Tech Consulting. Tieto Tech Consulting works as a true partner, solving customers' toughest technology challenges and delivering reliable outcomes that drive measurable results. By merging data, cloud, AI and design with deep industry expertise, we create impactful yet intuitive digital solutions that empower people and move businesses forward.
With a global team of 8,000 colleagues, we are constantly striving to develop and grow. Our customers trust in our solutions, which is why we are continuously looking for new talents.
We are continuing to strengthen our presence in the German market and are expanding our operations with a clear focus on future growth. To support this journey, we are looking for new colleagues to join our team in
Berlin and/or Regensburg
.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Project
Management
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése