Cég neve
TNG Technology Consulting GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
1061 Budapest, Király utca 26.
Fizetés
Br.
1,0M - 1,2M Ft havi bér
Számolja ki a nettó fizetést bérkalkulátorunkkal!
Bérkalkulátor
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
Pályakezdő/friss diplomás
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Általános
munkarend
Angol
felsőfok
Pályakezdő/friss
diplomás
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Analysis of customer requirements, development and optimization of large and complex software systems with high personal responsibility
Implementation of automation processes and cloud infrastructure
Consulting on and implementation of automated test environments
Introduction of agile processes
Optionally, there are numerous opportunities to get involved within TNG
Requirements
You ...
are constantly looking to learn and have an interest in technical topics
are quick to understand and have an analytical mindset
enjoy solving complex customer problems as part of a team
have a very good first or higher degree in a technical subject (computer science, physics, mathematics, etc.)
possess IT knowledge and coding experience
are proficient in English, additional German or Hungarian skills are an advantage
What we offer
A demanding, academic environment
An open-minded and team-oriented culture characterized by strong team spirit and flat hierarchies
Continuous education within our internal techdays (up to 10% of the working time) as well as external trainings
Attractive work-life balance with flexible working hours, paid overtime, 30 days of holiday, and little to no travelling expected
Private health insurance sponsoring
Be a part of our first team in our emerging location in Budapest
Opportunity to work flexibly and remotely and the option to work in a modern office
Supply with drinks, coffee, fruits, and sweets
Workplace extras
Free fruits, snacks
Free coffee, soft drinks
Company info
As a partnership-based IT consultancy, we work in a customer-oriented manner on a variety of projects in the areas of Agile Software Development, Artificial Intelligence, and DevOps & Cloud. In addition, we work on topics in Big Data and IoT. We mostly use Java and TypeScript, but also other programming languages, such as Python or C#.
Our clients include large corporations as well as medium-sized companies and start-ups from a wide variety of industries, including e.g. telecommunications, security technology, insurance, fintech, and automotive.
We are looking forward to receiving your application!
How to apply
Please send us the following documents:
complete CV
college or university diploma with all individual grades or a current transcript of records
high school diploma with all individual grades
references from previous employers
references from internships
complete overview of your abilities (e.g., programming languages)
Please ensure that all your application documents are in English.
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése