Cég neve
Utimaco GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a technical documentation engineer/writer you write and maintain documentation and procedures and assist in building new and innovative ways of providing customer-facing documentation for our Utimaco products.
Writing clear and precise customer documentation for hardware and software products in German and English, taking into account company standards and legal requirements;
Analyse user needs to ensure our documentation provides the correct information for successful product installation and operation;
Write automation and scripting to optimize the release of online documentation and PDF alike.
Continuously improving customer documentation so that they are up-to-date, correct, consistent, and complete;
Manage, write and maintain documentation of Utimaco芒聙聶s business processes, guidelines, including R&D processes and manufacturing processes, mainly in English;
Requirements
You are experienced in writing technical product installation and operational documents based on requirements
You are experienced in researching and negotiating document requirements
You are experienced in scripting and automation to accelerate the manual work in the documentation process
You thrive in cross-organizational collaboration with excellent listening and communication skills
You have excellent verbal & written communication and presentation skills in English and German
What we offer
An open and friendly corporate culture characterized by constructive and collaborative interaction
We provide you with support for your future plans with a company pension scheme (depending on country-specific circumstances)
Early risers and night owls - thanks to a flexible working model you can organise your working day yourself
We also support you privately - benefit from special payments or additional vacation days on anniversaries or other special occasions
Utimaco is growing and living diversity! Our global team includes colleagues from 42 nationalities and 45 different languages spoken
Company info
Security is becoming increasingly important to industries. Utimaco products have been protecting people from organized crime and terror as well as sensitive data from theft and abuse for over 35 years. To this end, Utimaco has developed hardware security modules and compliance solutions for telecommunications providers in the field of regulation. Utimaco is the global market leader in both segments. Utimaco stands for recognized product quality, userbility, excellent support and a market-driven offer, manufactured in Germany.
The central goal of protecting people, data and ideas is the commitment of more than 200 people to Utimaco.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Administration,
Assistance, Office Work
Administrator,
Document Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése