Cég neve
N26 GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ANALYTICS
ACCESS
AWS
CLOUD
SQL
PYTHON
TESTING
BI
TABLEAU
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ANALYTICS
ACCESS
AWS
CLOUD
SQL
PYTHON
TESTING
BI
TABLEAU
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
About the opportunity
As a Junior Analytics Engineer, you'll support with building the foundations for data-driven decision making at N26. You will closely collaborate with fellow Analytics Engineers, Data Analysts and business stakeholders to ensure our data models are accurate, relevant and updated. You'll help establish a data-mindset and thereby foster a culture of continuous learning and improvement.
You will work in a central analytics engineering team supporting product teams and their embedded data analysts in one or more business areas. You'll be using the following tech stack:
Our cloud provider is AWS, and we use lots of different tools and services they provide.
Redshift is our main Data Warehouse and the main tool you'll be interacting with
For our data transformations, we use DBT
Our business intelligence tool for data visualizations and dashboarding is Metabase
We use python as our go-to language for any automations and more complex pieces of software.
In this role, you will:
Transforming data, testing and deploying data products for analytics, applying software engineering best practices of version control, continuous integration, testing, documentation, and clean coding.
Provide clean data models to users, modelling data so business stakeholders are enabled to answer their own questions.
Improve our analysts and business users workflow, optimising their time when working with data.
Create tests for our datasets, to guarantee a good level of data quality.
Building and managing data models for BI tools.
Requirements
First work experiences as a Data Analyst, Data Engineer, Software Engineers, Analytics Engineer or other quantitative discipline
Basic understanding of ETL/ELT processes and data warehousing architecture
Good communication, organisation and collaboration skills.
Experience querying and/or transforming data with SQL (mandatory)
Ideally experience working with Python (good to have)
Familiarity with data visualisation tools, like Metabase, Tableau, Looker or similar
What we offer
What's in it for you:
Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe's most talked about disruptors .
Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness & wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.
As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.
Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.
A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.
Equal Opportunities:
We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.
We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to
Company info
N26 has reimagined banking for today's digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it's how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.
We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.
We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése