Cég neve
EF Information Services Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
AGILE
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
UAT
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
3-5 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
AGILE
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
UAT
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
3-5
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Take ownership in driving new feature development through every stage of the product life cycle and deliver incremental value using validated agile methodologies.
Understand product interaction within a Business process and from end user experience view point.
Evaluate every feature request, gather detailed business requirements from partners and work closely with technology staff to translate requirements into user stories for consumption by development team.
Write user stories and work with development team through development cycle to ensure features developed meet the desired business objectives.
Identify gaps or conflicts in requirements, handle risks & UAT defects and drive toward resolution.
Validate projects after deployment to ensure they meet all operational and business requirements and drive maintenance and problem resolution, as required.
Liaise between product development, reporting, training and business owners to ensure clear communication, understanding of product offerings at all times and ultimate project success.
Provide visibility into status of upcoming improvements to partners.
Monitor and track product feedback to help in the prioritization of development projects.
Refine and build the assigned product offering over time.
Act as product champion and establish effective relationships with key partners
Requirements
3-5 years of Product Management/Program Management/Business Analysis experience with direct management of Technical Teams
Salesforce experience is key to this role - a strong understanding of Salesforce capabilities and limitations.
Involvement in previous projects that involved process improvements in sales, marketing, finance, operations is a bonus
Ability to handle multiple tasks and projects at a time, prioritizes workload effectively, and thrive in a dynamic and complex environment.
Competency with all phases of project management, including issue and risk identification and management, tracking dependencies and milestones, and communication of overall project status.
Proven ability to work with cross-functional teams to drive the implementation of new features as well as resolve operational issues.
Flexibility in working hours required to meet with regional stakeholders.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Goal oriented and passionate about achieving results by taking on the spot decisions and make the needed trade-offs.
Ability to creatively solve challenging business/technology problems.
Ability to analyze data
Should be a self-starter and detail oriented.
Bachelor’s degree
What we offer
In-office opportunity in Budapest with 5 days in the office when present.
Travel to locations such as Stockholm, London, Zurich etc.
Workplace extras
Canteen
Corporate events
Free coffee, soft drinks
Company info
At Cultural Care Au Pair, we believe that cultural exchange has the power to make the world a more welcoming, understanding, and open place. We build global families by bringing together international visitors with American host families—providing meaningful childcare support for families, an unforgettable year in America for au pairs, and a culturally enriching experience for both parties. We are proud to be the largest and most experienced au pair organization in the world, having successfully placed more than 120,000 au pairs into welcoming American homes since 1989. Our program is strictly regulated by the Department of State and our dedicated staff work together to ensure each participant has the experience of a lifetime.
Cultural Care Au Pair is associated with EF Education First, the world leader in international education. At EF we believe that the world is better when people try to understand one another. Since 1965, we have helped millions of people see new places, experience new cultures, and learn new things about the world and about themselves. Our culturally immersive education programs—focused on language, travel, cultural exchange, and academics—turn dreams into international opportunities.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése