Cég neve
KWS Berlin GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Supporting the creation and maintenance of onboarding materials and internal documentation;
Helping structure and document internal processes and improvement initiatives;
Supporting communication and knowledge-sharing activities within the team;
Contributing to the identification and documentation of automation and analytics use cases;
Assisting in the implementation of small-scale automation solutions (e.g., Power Automate flows) under expert guidance;
Supporting data collection and preparation for dashboards or reports;
Participating in project meetings and contributing to solution design and testing;
Taking part in brainstorming sessions to shape the future of digital workflows and automation in GBO;
Exploring new tools and technologies with the team to identify potential quick wins.
Requirements
You are currently pursuing a degree in Business Administration, Business Informatics, Computer Science, Economics, or a related field;
Comfortable usage of
Microsoft Power Platform
(Power Automate and Power BI) is mandatory;
Experience with SAP Datasphere, SAP Analytics Cloud or Celonis, and comfortable usage of Microsoft 365 tools (Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint);
You have an interest in digitalization and are curious about automation, analytics, and process improvement;
You are reliable, enjoy organizing information, and working in a structured way;
You are a proactive communicator, enjoy working in a collaborative environment, and are eager to challenge yourself with new topics;
Fluent in English - German or other languages are a plus.
What we offer
A hands-on introduction to digital transformation in a global organization;
A supportive and international team environment;
The opportunity to take ownership of meaningful tasks and grow through real challenges;
Flexible working hours to accommodate your studies;
A central location in Berlin;
A positive and appreciative working culture with flat hierarchies;
Regular team events and opportunities to grow professionally.
Company info
KWS is one of the world's leading plant breeding companies. Nearly 5,000 employees in more than 70 countries generated net sales of around €1.68 billion in the fiscal year 2023/2024. A company with a tradition of family ownership, KWS has operated independently for almost 170 years. It focuses on plant breeding and the production and sale of seed for sugarbeet, corn, cereals, vegetables, oilseed rape and sunflower. KWS uses leading-edge plant breeding methods to continuously improve yield for farmers and plants' resistance to diseases, pests and abiotic stress. To that end, the company invested more than €300 million last fiscal year in research and development.
We are looking for a motivated and detail-oriented
Working Student Digital Solutions
to support our Digital Solutions team at
KWS Berlin GmbH
. If you are curious about digital transformation, enjoy organizing and improving processes, and are eager to grow in a collaborative and international environment, we look forward to getting to know you! This opportunity is for a
10-months contract
,
20h/week
, and
hybrid
(up to
40% home office
).
Our Digital Solutions team is part of
Global Business Operations
(GBO) and drives digital transformation by identifying, designing, and implementing data-driven and automated solutions. We work closely with process owners and IT to improve efficiency, transparency, and user experience across administrative corporate processes. Our mission is to enable smarter work through technology and continuous improvement.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Business
Supporting Centres
IT
Support
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése