Cég neve
Mercedes-Benz AG
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CSS
TESTING
UAT
MS OFFICE
WORD
POWERPOINT
JAVASCRIPT
SELENIUM
PYTHON
JIRA
CONFLUENCE
EXCEL
OUTLOOK
SOFTWARE TESTING
CUCUMBER
Elvárások
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CSS
TESTING
UAT
MS
OFFICE
WORD
POWERPOINT
JAVASCRIPT
SELENIUM
PYTHON
JIRA
CONFLUENCE
EXCEL
OUTLOOK
SOFTWARE
TESTING
CUCUMBER
Német
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
We, the Customer Self Services (CSS) at Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG (MBM), have a clear and ambitious vision for 2025 and we work jointly on delivering value to customers as one ART (following the SAFe methodology).
We focus on continuous delivery of online Customer self-services in a most scalable manner, provide uncompromised customer experience and maximise efficiency gains across all EUR, APAC and AMS markets. We drive the transformation to a strategic, homogenous, and future-ready Customer friendly solutions.
We are looking for a Working Student in a role of Manual Tester in our team. We want people who get things done!
Are you an energetic and enthusiastic person looking for an assignment in an inspiring & ambitious environment? If your answer is positive, we are looking forward to welcome you in our Customer Self Services team!
In return, we guarantee you a team with a competetive and positive mindset inside an established company with plenty of space to develop and implement your ideas. There is also room for personal development because we believe that your empowerment is our key to success. Your tasks grant you insights into Customer centric services and you can develop yourself by exploring several systems and processes in our team.
These challenges await you:
To write manual Test cases for new features and functionalities in Jira Xray
To execute test cases and document test results and evidence in Jira Xray
To raise the bugs from testing and following it with developers on bug status
To create test users required for manual test execution and maintenance of it in Confluence
To perform different testing as per the request such as Sanity testing, Functional testing, UAT testing, User testing and so on
To support developers in bugfix with re-testing the bug fixes and code releases
The activity can begin from April 2026.
For this position we can consider only students enrolled in a University in Germany, who are pursuing a mandatory internship.
Requirements
You are currently enrolled in a University in Germany, studying in the fields of software and information technology, Computer electronics or similar
Good experience in MS Office tools and process (MS-Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook etc.,)
Basic knowledge about STLC (Software testing life cycle) and testing process
Knowledge in Test cases and test documentation
Knowledge in Jira and Confluence tools
Programming skills / script languages e.g. JavaScript, Cucumber, Selenium and Python are beneficial
Business Fluency in English, German language is beneficial
Personal skills:
Excellent presentation, communication skills - you should be able to coordinate with cross functions
Strong capacity for operating in a flexible, dynamic environment
Comfortable and adaptable in a fast-paced, multifaceted environment
Customer orientation and strong clear and concise communication and professional skills
Independent, high motivation and feel comfortable working in an international and intercultural environment
Quick understanding of complex relationships and ability to put forward unconventional solutions or suggestions with respect to feasibility
Open-minded and creative individual
Strong organization skills and attention to detail
Strong social skills
Please note that your internship at this location must be mandatory.
Additional Information:
We look forward to receiving your online application, including a resume, cover letter, certificates, current certificate of enrollment stating your semester, proof of mandatory internship if applicable, and proof of the standard period of study. Please remember to mark your documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form and observe the maximum file size of 5 MB.
You can find further information on the hiring criteria
here
.
Severely disabled applicants and applicants with equivalent status are welcome! The representative for severely disabled employees (
HR Services will be happy to help you with any questions you may have about the application process. You can reach us by email at
What we offer
Meal-Discounts
Mobile Phone for Employees Possible
Discounts for Employees Possible
Annual Profit Share Possible
Events for Employees
Coaching
Flextime Possible
Hybrid Work Possible
Health Benefits
Company Retirement
Mobility Offers
Good Public Transport
Parking
Canteen, Café
Inhouse Doctor
Barrier-Free Workplace
Company info
Life is always about becoming… Becoming means going on a journey to be the best version of our future selves. While we discover new things, we will face challenges, master them and grow beyond our individual limits.
Apply for a job at Mercedes-Benz and find your individual role and workspace to unleash your talents to the fullest. Empowered by visionary colleagues who share the same pioneering spirit. Joining us means becoming part of a global team that aims to build the most desirable cars in the world. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: MER0003XU2
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Support, Helpdesk
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése