Cég neve
Deutsches Krebsforschungszentrum DKFZ
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PYTHON
R
BASH
ACCESS
DATABASES
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
PYTHON
R
BASH
ACCESS
DATABASES
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
We are looking for a data scientist / bioinformatician:
to generate and harmonize user-friendly, standardized data analysis pipelines for a variety of computational tasks, including, but not limited to, mutation calling, bulk and single-cell RNA-seq analysis, ChIP-seq / Cut&Run analysis, CRISPR screen analysis, and DNA barcoding analysis,
to perform large-scale data integration of single-cell RNA-seq datasets and generate user-friendly applications for data exploration,
to perform data analysis derived from diverse scientific topics in collaboration with PhD students and postdocs,
to train students and postdocs in basic data analysis pipeline implementation and bioinformatics workflows.
Requirements
Master's or PhD degree in
bioinformatics, computational biology, statistics, computer science, physics, molecular biotechnology,
or a related discipline
Prior bioinformatics training in transcriptomics, epigenomics, and/or genomics
Strong analytical skills, as well as broad experience with scripting languages (e.g., Python, R, Bash); knowledge of common bioinformatics software and access to databases are essential
Basic understanding of biology
Proficient in English; German is not required
Collaborative, communicative, ambitious, datail-oriented, curious, and organized, as well as the ability to work in a multidisciplinary international team is expected
Professional time management
Please submit your curriculum vitae, master's and/or doctoral degree certificates, a letter of motivation, and contact information of 2 references via the DKFZ application portal. Applications sent by email cannot be considered.
What we offer
Excellent framework conditions: state-of-the-art equipment and oppor­tunities for inter­national networking at the highest level
30 days of vacation per year
Flexible working hours
Remuneration according to TV-L incl. occupational pension plan and capital-forming payments
Possibility of part-time work
Family-friendly working environ­ment
Sustainable travel to work: subsidized Germany job ticket
Unleash your full potential: targeted offers for your personal develop­ment promote your talents
Our Corporate Health Manage­ment Program offers a holistic approach to your well-being
Company info
The German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ) is one of Europe's largest cancer research centers. “Research for a life without cancer" is the mission of our world-class scientists and all our team members.
The DKFZ is a place where the brightest minds pursue bold ideas and seek answers to pioneering scientific questions through collaboration, innovation, and exploration across many disciplines. We provide a dynamic environment which empowers excellence with state-of-the-art technologies, cutting edge infrastructure, and a global scientific network.
Contribute your knowledge, vision, and dedication to create a space where scientific discovery in cancer research is transformed into benefits for human health.
The Division of
Soft-Tissue Sarcoma
at DKFZ applies cutting-edge technology to study and dissect the underlying molecular mechanisms in many types of soft-tissue sarcomas, where chromosomal translocations generate fusion oncoproteins that serve as drivers of the disease. By combining a toolbox consisting of CRISPR/Cas9, RNAi technology, cellular barcoding, and mouse modeling tools, our goal is to systematically address key genetic and epigenetic mechanisms in the pathobiology of pediatric sarcomas.
To strengthen our team, we are seeking for the next possible date a
Research / Data Scientist in Bioinformatics
.
Reference number: 2026-0048
Your work will focus on bioinformatic analyses of transcriptomic, genomic, and epigenomic data of single-cell and bulk datasets, derived from various projects within the lab. Methodologies used in our laboratory include, but are not limited to, whole genome sequencing, RNA-seq, ChIP-seq, Cut&Run, cellular barcoding, and single-cell transcriptomics. Our goal is to comprehensively study the impact of gene fusions and other genetic drivers in sarcomagenesis, uncover specific vulnerabilities they create, and ultimately aim at maximizing the potential for rapid clinical translation.
You will work in an international, highly collaborative environment with PhD students and postdoctoral researchers and be embedded in the vibrant research ecosystem of the Hopp Children's Cancer Center Heidelberg (KiTZ).
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése