Cég neve
TK Elevator Europe Africa GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
TESTING
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
CHANGE MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
TESTING
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
CHANGE
MANAGEMENT
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
We are seeking a highly motivated individual with the following qualifications and characteristics:
Project Management and Analytical Skills
: A robust background in project management, complemented by strong analytical thinking capabilities.
Industry Expertise
: In-depth understanding of New Installation (NI) and Modernisation (MOD) sales processes, with a focus on the relevant scope.
Process Mapping and Improvement
: Proficient in process mapping with a commitment to fostering continuous improvement.
Effective Communication
: A strong communicator who can effectively engage and manage diverse stakeholders in an international environment.
Resilience and Drive
: A resilient personality possessing a strong mindset for outperformance and achieving excellence.
IT and Process Knowledge
: Dedicated knowledge of processes and IT systems, particularly within the TKE framework, is advantageous.
Requirements
Understanding Business Needs
: Analyze and comprehend business requirements and constraints to define target processes and system specifications.
Collaboration with IT Teams
: Partner with IT teams to support the development of technical solutions, addressing business inquiries and concerns effectively.
End-to-End Process Implementation
:
Development Phase
: Outline critical project phases, identify dependencies, assess technical solutions, and serve as the liaison between IT and the business.
Rollout Strategy
: Create and execute a comprehensive rollout plan leading up to the Go-Live phase, including testing, pilot programs, and country-specific waves, while aligning resources and timelines with countries and implementation teams.
Change Management
: Prioritize and approve change requests while consistently seeking opportunities for improvement.
Monitoring and Reporting
: Oversee the overall status of workstreams, report progress to the P&S Lead, and support governance processes within the P&S framework.
What we offer
At TK Elevator you will find the freedom to broaden your horizons. You can expect...
A collegial team and an exciting working environment.
Attractive working conditions – from a modern and varied canteen and flexible working hours to employee discounts.
And last but not least, the opportunity to develop further in the Elevator Group.
If this is as important to you as it is to us, then we are looking forward to your application!
We value diversity
At TK Elevator, we aim to embrace diversity and welcome everyone -no matter the ethnicity, nationality, gender or gender expression, age, social background, religion or world belief, sexual orientation, disability, marital status or any other legally protected characteristic or status.
Do you have a disability and would like to work with us? Then we look forward to your application!
As a signatory of the Charter of Diversity, TK Elevator is committed to a prejudice-free and diverse working environment with equal opportunities. Although we are not completely barrier-free yet, we are working every day to improve ourselves. Let's overcome barriers together and work on individual solutions that work for you.
Company info
We strive to make cities the best ever places to live, by advancing an industry that moves over 1 billion people each day. We are transforming our business by driving the industry norm and challenging ourselves, fostering a culture of internal and external collaboration, and building on our unique engineering capabilities to optimize existing and create new products and solutions for our customers that cater to real mobility needs.
TK Elevator (TKE) is a global leader in vertical transportation and urban mobility. We provide engineering that keeps the world moving, including design, installation, and maintenance of elevators, escalators, walkways, lifts, passenger boarding bridges, stairlifts, platform lifts and home elevators – including multi-brand modernization and service any place, any time. With TK Elevator's AI and digital solutions there are no longer any limits to urban mobility. TK Elevator became independent following its separation from the thyssenkrupp group in 2020. The company achieved sales of €9.2 billion in fiscal year 2024/2025. With around 50,000 employees, 25,000 service technicians and over 1,000 support centers globally, we are moved by what moves people. TKE – Move Beyond.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése