Cég neve
ALPS ALPINE EUROPE GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Evaluation of different technologies in the field of cellular, NB-IoT and sub giga based communication standards
Support the selecting process for MEMS and IMU's with focus on ultra-low power use cases
Joint R&D and prototyping together with the Engineering Team with focus on HW Design (Schematics and Layout)
Evaluation of different indoor tracking solutions, for example based on BLE, UWB, sub giga, WiFi etc.
Preparing of reports and presentations about your results and findings
HW Testing of prototypes incl. needed measurements and reporting
Requirements
Currently enrolled as a bachelor or master student of Electrical Engineering, Information Technology or related studies
Hands-on experience on hardware development and a basic understanding of digital and analog hardware design including modelling and simulation
Hands-on experience in manual Soldering (SMT & THT) and PCB assembly
Familiarity with standard measurement equipment (DMM, Oscilloscope, Power Analyzer, etc.)
Familiarity with C and Python
Proficient in presenting, reporting and handling Microsoft applications like PowerPoint and Excel
An organized working style coupled with strong problem-solving skills
Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work in a team
Eagerness to learn new things and take up new challenges
Intercultural & communication skills
A very good command of English
Availability for 1 year minimum, 20 hours per week, working 100% on site
What we offer
Security and innovation:
Thanks to trusting, long-standing customer relationships we offer secure jobs in forward-looking fields of technology such as mobility & communication, HMI (human-machine interfaces), precision sensor technology and microelectronics.
International environment:
You can expect exciting challenges in demanding international projects and teams based on a long history of company success.
Working atmosphere:
We live a positive working atmosphere through respectful cooperation and open communication across departments.
Induction:
To enable you to successfully contribute your qualifications, we provide a structured onboarding with integration into a strong network.
Development:
We foster personal growth through targeted training.
Equipment:
We offer modern IT equipment.
Events:
We all enjoy getting together at regular company events such as the Christmas party, summer party and B2Run.
Discounts:
Offers and special conditions from over 1500 providers can be utilised via our corporate benefits partners.
Company info
SHAPING A FUTURE WHERE TECHNOLOGY EXTENDS YOUR SENSES
Since 1948, we have been one of the world's largest independent manufacturers of electronic and electromechanical components for next-generation infotainment, mobility and lifestyle, perfecting the products of our international customers in the fields of audio, display, communication and drive assist. Our activities extend to the Mobile&Home, Automotive, Energy, Healthcare, Industrial and IoT business areas. Our customers include well-known car manufacturers and automotive suppliers as well as numerous global players from other business areas. Thanks to the closeness to our customers, we are already involved in the development phase in order to offer solutions based on innovative products and technologies that create a great experience and added value for our customers - and their customers.
ALPS ALPINE employs around 30,000 people worldwide, of which around 640 employees from around 45 different nations currently work in Europe. For this reason, we communicate predominantly in English in interface functions. Our corporate culture is characterised by working in an international environment and respectful cooperation is important to us.
We value proactive thinking, self-motivation and resource-conserving behaviour in an entrepreneurial sense in our employees.
For ALPS ALPINE, this means harmonising economic, ecological and social goals in order to ensure a positive future for present and future generations.
Do you fit in with us? Then join Alps Alpine and play an active role in shaping the next generation of smart solutions.
To strengthen our Engineering team at the location in Unterschleißheim (near Munich) we are looking for a
Working Student HW Evaluation & Design
(m/f/d) with immediate effect.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Engineer
Electronic
Control Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése