Cég neve
Ruhr-Universität Bochum
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
GIT
TESTING
PYTHON
C++
WORD
.HTML.
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
GIT
TESTING
PYTHON
C++
WORD
.HTML.
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Your tasks:
Tasks to be performed:
Realisation of the open-source SFB computational platform based on OpnFOAM in collaboration with projects C6 and C7
Integration and further development of input/output and specific pre-/post-processing functionalities, also in form of a Graphical User Interface (GUI)
Design and implementation of integrated validation/verification strategies for all physical models implemented in the solver in collaboration with projects C6 and C7
Design and implementation of parallelisation paradigms (also hybrid CPU/GPU) as well as optimisation of the parallelisation efficiency
Analysis, design and implementation of Data Assimilation Strategies in collaboration especially with project C6
Requirements
Required are especially a proved experience in:Collaborative software development environments (Git, GitLab);Continuous integration testing methods;Python and shell scripting;Parallelisation and optimisation techniques (GPU/CPU);GUI Programming and visualisation techniques and tools (e.g. VTK)
Your profile:
The ideal candidate will possess a Degree (up to Doctorate) in Computing Science, Engineering or Mathematics and have a deep knowledge of C++ Programming.
Familiarity with OpenFOAM-MPPICFoam is highly desirable.
Excellent knowledge of German and English in word and writing is required (TOEFL/GRE/C1 certificates required). The ability to work in a dynamic and enthusiastic team, a strong self-motivation and to effectively communicate with the other research groups involved in the project are indispensable assets.
What we offer
Scope:
full-time
Duration:
fixed-term, until 30.06.2028 (end of project)
Start:
starting on 01.07.2026
Collaboration in a committed and appreciative team
Employment at one of the largest universities in Germany within the University Alliance Ruhr
Options for flexible working (mobile working and teleworking)
Support in combining family life and work (including childcare arrangements/holiday offers/
Further information:
The position is salaried and based on the collective agreement of the Länder (TV-L).If the personal and collective agreement requirements are met, the employee will receive pay grade 13 TV-L.
Further information can be found at
(in German).
The place of work is Ruhr University Bochum.
If the position is funded by third-party funds the employee has no teaching obligation.
RUB sees itself as a university with an international presence. The campus languages are German and English. Competence in at least one of the two languages and the willingness to learn the other are a prerequisite. RUB provides corresponding free courses for employees.
German language courses are offered by the University Language Center (ZFA) in the field of German as a Foreign Language (DaF).
The Staff Council has the right to participate in all selection interviews. At the request of a candidate (m/f/x), it will ensure its participation in the entire procedure.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum stands for diversity and equal opportunities. For this reason, we favour a working environment composed of heterogeneous teams, and seek to promote the careers of individuals who are underrepresented in our respective professional areas. The Ruhr-Universität Bochum expressly requests job applications from women. In areas in which they are underrepresented they will be given preference in the case of equivalent qualifications with male candidates. Applications from individuals with disabilities are most welcome.
Company info
Chair of Thermal Turbomachines and Aeroengines
In order to fill a fixed-term position in full-time (39.83 hours/week = 100%) starting on 01.07.2026, we are looking for a
TRR/SFB 287 – Scientific Assistant (m,f,x) Project S
The Chair of Thermal Turbomachines and Aeroengines in the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering at the Ruhr University Bochum (LSTTF) is among the leading research groups in Germany in the field of numerical modelling and simulation of energy transformation systems. Cutting-edge numerical and experimental research is carried out, covering a broad spectrum of topics from classic turbomachinery aerothermodynamics, aeroelastics, two-phase flows and non-ideal compressible fluid dynamics.Within a strongly interdisciplinary set of projects (TRR/SFB 287
and
- particularly Subproject S), the transport and reaction dynamics in reacting fixed beds of arbitrary morphology will be investigated numerically as well as experimentally in order to derive general models for a seamless simulation of the solid, free gas- and interstitial phase in large scale systems. One of the major objectives of this collaborative project is the realisation of an open-source simulation platform based on the open-source solver OpenFOAM where pre- and post-processing functionalities are integrated in a unique simulation environment hence allowing a systematic evaluation of experimental data and at the same time the realisation of a strongly automatized numerical validation and verification system.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum is one of Germany's leading research universities, addressing the whole range of academic disciplines. A highly dynamic setting enables researchers and students to work across the traditional boundaries of academic subjects and faculties. To create knowledge networks within and beyond the university is Ruhr-Universität Bochum's declared aim.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése