Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
R
ANALYTICS
SECURITY
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
R
ANALYTICS
SECURITY
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
ZEISS Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology
Enabler for smaller, more powerful, and more energy-efficient microchips Work where tomorrow is created. Around 80 percent of all microchips worldwide are manufactured using ZEISS technologies.
As the heart of every electronically controlled system, they are indispensable in our daily lives – whether in smartphones, smart homes, or smart factories. ZEISS is a technology leader in semiconductor manufacturing equipment. With high-precision lithography optics, photomask systems, and process control solutions, ZEISS enables the production of ever smaller, more powerful, and more energy-efficient microchips – and thus plays a key role in shaping the age of micro- and nanoelectronics with its innovations.
Contribute to the strategic planning of the product roadmap and develop a comprehensive reliability strategy for SEM tools, ensuring alignment with business goals
Manage the product backlog by creating, prioritizing, and maintaining a list of reliabilty enhancements, experiments, and developments based on business value and customer needs
Communicate with stakeholders, including R&D, Ops, Service, and SBU Management, to ensure transparency and gather feedback from high-end semiconductor customers on reliability needs
Collaborate with Product Architects to clarify reliability requirements, participate in plannings and reviews, and assess completed work against acceptance criteria
Monitor performance and reliability metrics, identify potential risks, and develop strategies for improvement while maintaining documentation and preparing reports for stakeholders. ​
Requirements
Master's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science, or related field; MBA or Ph.D. is a plus
5+ years in product or project management, preferably in data analytics for the semiconductor industry, experience in software development
Understanding of data analytics tools and semiconductor processes
Excellent verbal and written skills for presenting complex information
Your skills are invaluable to us
! At ZEISS, we offer a wide range of professional development opportunities, including qualification programs, our internal online learning platform CurioZ, external training courses, and attractive career paths. With our annually defined development goals, we support our employees in achieving their career objectives. Your work is valuable! As part of our team, you benefit from a variety of attractive employee benefits, such as a company bicycle subsidy and a competitive pension plan. You will also, of course, benefit from collectively agreed special payments, as well as an annual profit-sharing bonus (based on the fiscal year). People are at the heart of everything we do! ZEISS is a foundation-owned company. Therefore, we are particularly committed to values ​​such as social responsibility, family-friendliness, and the social security of our employees. Because they are the driving force and the engine of our company – and are at the heart of everything we do. In addition, we offer flat hierarchies plus freedom and responsibility.
Company info
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése