Cég neve
Betsson Group
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
CRM
SQL
DATABASE
JAVASCRIPT
REST
Biztosított eszközök
Mobiltelefon
Elvárások
Angol középfok
3-5 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
CRM
SQL
DATABASE
JAVASCRIPT
REST
Mobiltelefon
Angol
középfok
3-5
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Act as a consultant and technical expert on the Salesforce platform by providing support to stakeholders and users.
Closely collaborate with experts from other areas to leverage on the Salesforce technologies through integrations with other solutions.
Setting up new business units in SFMC that include but not limited to the configuration of the data points and FTP locations.
Use AMP script to develop dynamic content in SFMC.
Use SSJS to develop new custom applications in Journey Builder including leveraging the REST & SOAP APIS by creating installed packages.
Build targeted audience segments based on email behavioral data and CRM attributes using Data Extensions and SQL Setup.
Leveraging on the capabilities provided by Journey Builder, Automation Studio, Interaction Studio, Content Builder, Email Studio, and other solutions to deliver multi-touch communications.
Campaigns and Triggered sends: being able to oversee complex campaign workflow rules and data segmentation.
Oversee the ETL of multiple business units that include suggesting best practices on daily automations.
Configuring the database environment by creating the data model using data extensions and Contact Builder inside the Data Designer.
Define data validation, cleansing, deduplication rules and processes in SFMC.
Define data connectors for data ingestion into Salesforce across Betsson’s technical ecosystem, partnering with CRM and Data teams, as needed.
Assist in the technical and architectural framework for the SFDC applications.
Ensuring scalability of all the solutions developed.
Serve as the subject matter expert for SFMC for the internal stakeholders that include managers and end-users.
As an expert on SFMC, it is expected to gather requirements, discuss, and implement them based on best practices.
Able to communicate technical and business solutions by developing and presenting information to multiple audiences.
Requirements
University degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field.
Salesforce Certified Marketing Cloud Developer (or equivalent certification).
At least 3 years of hands-on experience with Salesforce Marketing Cloud.
Strong knowledge of Salesforce administration (minimum 1 year).
Solid understanding of SQL, data modeling, and integration methods.
Strong documentation and knowledge-sharing mindset.
Ability to stay updated on industry trends, emerging technologies, and third-party solutions.
Excellent communication skills with the ability to explain complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Experience with JavaScript
Experience with Salesforce Service Cloud and Sales Cloud is a plus.
What we offer
Fitness-wellness allowance
Company mobile phone for private use with 100 GB
Annual HUF devaluation compensation
Hybrid model: 3 days in the office & 2 days from home
Private Health Insurance
Career development
Technical and soft-skill training opportunities
Breakfast, fruits & lunch
Team building events
Company info
Founded in 1963, Betsson Group is a global sports betting and gaming operator focused on customer experience, responsible operations and sustainable growth.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése