Cég neve
BMW Group
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY.
MACHINE LEARNING
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY.
MACHINE
LEARNING
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
INNOVATION IS IMAGINING WHAT NO ONE ELSE CAN.
Artificial Intelligence and machine learning are at the cutting edge when it comes to shaping next-gen mobility in areas like automated driving. But it takes real intellectual leadership and expertise to identify and then harness the AI trends and technologies that will transform the way people travel for good.
Building autonomous driving systems at production scale takes more than strong model architectures. It requires robust end-to-end machine learning systems that perform reliably across edge cases, ODD boundaries, and global market conditions.
At BMW's Autonomous Driving Campus, you will help develop and industrialise end-to-end ML-based functions for advanced driver assistance, working with one of the industry's largest real-world driving datasets.
What awaits you?
You develop and industrialise end-to-end machine learning algorithms for ADAS functions.
Furthermore, you design and improve human-like driving behaviour using behaviour models, reinforcement learning, and hybrid data- and model-driven approaches.
You execute full training and evaluation cycles, from data selection and scene analysis to error diagnosis, validation of new function states for various markets and ODD extensions.
Moreover, you translate market needs, regulatory requirements, and user behaviour into production-ready function increments for international deployment.
You advance explainability and context modelling to support future voice-based interaction with ADAS functions.
You contribute across the full development lifecycle, from prototyping to series release.
Requirements
What should you bring along?
Degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Machine Learning, Mathematics, Physics, or comparable qualifications.
Several years of hands-on experience in real world, ML-based ADAS or autonomous driving development.
Strong understanding of state of the approaches in perception, prediction, planning, and end-to-end driving systems.
Proven production experience with machine-learning frameworks such as PyTorch or TensorFlow.
Demonstrated ownership in a serious AD/ADAS, robotics, or large-scale autonomy stack, with clear delivery impact.
Deep expertise in large-scale model development, including training, evaluation, error analysis, and optimisation across different ODDs and markets.
Ability to systematically derive complex function changes and implement them in a production-ready manner, including architecture updates, training strategy decisions, and scene modelling.
Experience in safety-critical or regulated environments is a plus.
Ready to build AI systems that drive the world's next generation of vehicles? Apply now!
Find out more about Artificial Intelligence at the BMW Group here.
Note:
Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications through other channels (especially email) cannot be considered.
What we offer
What do we offer?
Challenging projects with which we shape the mobility of tomorrow together.
Wide range of personal and professional development opportunities.
Attractive, fair and performance-related remuneration.
High level of job security.
Annual special payments such as vacation pay, Christmas bonus, and profit sharing.
Flexible working hours including six weeks annual leave and overtime compensation.
Discounted BMW & MINI conditions.
Many other benefits at bmw.jobs/benefits
Earliest starting date:
from now on
Type of employment:
unlimited
Working hours:
full-time
Stellenreferenz:
182335
Company info
Mit unseren Marken BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce und BMW Motorrad sind wir einer der weltweit führenden Premium-Hersteller von Automobilen sowie Motorrädern und darüber hinaus Anbieter von Premium-Finanz- und Mobilitätsdienstleistungen.
Am Standort
München
suchen wir Sie als
Senior AI Engineer - Human-Like Behaviour (f/m/x)
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése