Cég neve
ZF Chassis Modules Hungary Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
6000 Kecskemét, Csonka János utca
Kis türelmet...
Egyéb juttatások
Étkezési jegy
Cafeteria
Munkába járás támogatás
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Biztosított eszközök
Laptop
Mobiltelefon
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
3-5 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Étkezési
jegy
Cafeteria
Munkába
járás támogatás
Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Általános
munkarend
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
Laptop
Mobiltelefon
Angol
felsőfok
3-5
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Coordinate the successful implementation of EDI (Electronic Data Interchange) process and systems
Participate and provide input into the selection of IT EDI Solutions, Procedures and Guidelines
Coordinate mediation and connectivity for external business partners via the EDI solution
Run and Support of EDI-services for internal and external business partners including but not limited to:
Quality Management and Validation of incoming EDI-messages
Development of converting rules (mappings)
JIS/JIT EDI integration services
CAD EDI data exchange service
Secure internet based file transfer (OFTP2, AS2,)
Business process consulting (e.g. Konsi, JIT/JIS, VMI, Finance)
Manage the implementation of application changes where needed via self-development or the creation of detailed technical specifications along with coordination and management of internal and external development resource.
Proficient in documentation methodology, ability to adapt to ZF Foxconn standards of documentation
Requirements
Degree in Information Technology or related disciplines (experience may substitute degree).
3–4 years of experience in EDI support and project management.
Solid understanding of EDI and its business applications.
Experience working directly with users and/or customer service.
Demonstrated capability in developing functional and/or technical specifications.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills; positive team contribution.
Independent work approach, analytical mindset, high reliability, and willingness to work in a dynamic environment.
Working proficiency in English.
Ability to work in an international team.
Nice-to-have
Strong analytical, design, verbal, and written communication skills.
Preferred technical knowledge of EDI, TLi, ACS, PkMS.
German language skills.
What we offer
Stable company background and long-term working possibility
Full of challenges and high-level professional activities at a German company
Participation in international projects
Competitive salary and performance-related bonus
Cafeteria with optional elements
Work location: Kecskemét or Debrecen
Workplace extras
Shower
Work clothes
Company info
Join our dynamic growth journey with
ZF‑Foxconn Chassis Modules (ZFFCN)
, a global leader in assembly and logistics services for the automotive industry. With
30 years of excellence
and
25 locations
worldwide, our
3,500‑person team
supports premium and volume car manufacturers globally.
In
2023
, our revenue exceeded
€4 billion
, solidifying our position as a top full‑service supplier for chassis systems. We excel in project management, greenfield industrialization, operations, supply chain management, and supplier development within a
Just in Time / Just in Sequence
environment.
With
Foxconn
as a strategic partner and investor, we are accelerating expansion and exploring opportunities within the automotive and mobility sectors. If you’re ready to seize new horizons in the tech and automotive world,
ZF‑Foxconn Chassis Modules is your perfect choice!
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Project
Management
Bács-Kiskun
county
Kecskemét
Álláshirdetés jelentése