Cég neve
N26 GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Távmunka / Remote
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ANDROID
KOTLIN
ACCESS
REST
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Magyarországon belül bárhonnan végezhető
Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ANDROID
KOTLIN
ACCESS
REST
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a Senior Android Engineer at N26, you will be encouraged to embrace the latest technological updates and given a platform to work on complex, interesting problems on a daily basis.
Collaborate closely with your Tech Lead on architecting new features and seeing them through to completion
Design, develop, test, deploy and maintain software in a thriving environment
Have opportunities to mentor junior members in the team by relentlessly guarding code quality through pull requests and helping them when they have questions
Stay up to date with the latest trends in technology and you are not afraid to propose some findings during our Get Stuff Done Days
Work within your cross-functional team to uphold the highest technical standards right across the product
Requirements
What you need to be successful:
Deep knowledge of Kotlin
Thorough experience with the Android Open Source Platform and Material Design principles
Code quality tingles your senses - you can see, feel and smell the difference between good and bad architecture
Experience with Model-View-ViewModel architectural patterns
Experience with Reactive programming - Kotlin Flows and Coroutines
Able to build software with a focus on testability - Test/Behaviour Driven Development, Dependency Injection
You have previous experience in managing, optimising and collaborating around CI/CD infrastructure for Mobile products
Experience in building components that act as a foundation for your fellow Engineers
Outstanding communication skills, and the ability to drive iterations to improve even further your work
Nice to have:
Active participant/speaker at meet-ups and conferences in the Android community
Traits:
Actively help yourself (and others) be successful
Continuously learn and challenge the status quo
Think globally, act locally
Strong bias for action
Give and receive open, direct and timely feedback
What we offer
What's in it for you:
Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe's most talked about disruptors.
Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness & wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.
Come together with your team in the office for a dedicated day of teamwork each week, plus another day of your choice, and enjoy the flexibility of remote work the rest of the time. Some roles may require additional in-office presence.
As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.
Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.
A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and backgrounds.
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.
Equal Opportunities:
We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.
We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to
Company info
About the opportunity
We are seeking a talented Senior Android Engineer to join the Platform Engineering Domain in the Mobile Core team.
The mission of Platform Engineering is to provide trusted, performant, self-service platforms that empower product teams to build “the bank the world loves to use'. The team empowers N26 engineering teams by providing them with a suite of tools that enhance their efficiency while maintaining security and compliance. Our cross-functional teams are passionate about collaboration and sharing knowledge, as well as working with a high degree of autonomy.
Who we are
N26 has reimagined banking for today's digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it's how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.
We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.
We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése