Cég neve
FREQUENTIS COMSOFT GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
C++
LINUX
GIT
ROBOT
DEVOPS
ANSIBLE
DOCKER
ACCESS
TEST AUTOMATION
JENKINS
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
C++
LINUX
GIT
ROBOT
DEVOPS
ANSIBLE
DOCKER
ACCESS
TEST
AUTOMATION
JENKINS
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
You join a stable team of experienced developers to maintain and extend our market leading application for aeronautical message handling.
You contribute to all phases of the software life cycle - requirements engineering, design, implementation, verification, and maintenance.
You take responsibility and perform your tasks with a high degree of autonomy.
You participate in the establishment and improvement of our continuous integration / continuous delivery processes and development infrastructure.
Requirements
You have completed your studies in computer science or comparable qualifications.
You have at least 5 years of professional experience in software development, ideally for safety critical applications.
You are an expert in software development with C++ (17 or newer) on Linux platforms.
You have experience with development tools, version management tools (such as git), test automation (robot) and DevOps processes & tools (such as ansible, docker, jenkins).
You bring along commitment, creativity, independence, personal responsibility, diligence, teamwork and communication skills.
What we offer
Flexible, family friendly working hours
Lively, open culture
Permanent employment contracts
International career opportunities
Company gym
Offices with max. 4 people
Rooftop terrace
Free beverages
Corporate events
Easy access to public transport
Home Office
Your individual salary is based on your professional experience and qualifications and is part of our attractive total package.
Company info
Even though we maintain our feet on the ground, our second home will always remain in the sky. As a medium-sized IT company situated in Karlsruhe Germany, developing tailored solutions for global air traffic control authorities is our forte. Our contribution to Flight security, can be found in our systems that operate at various flight control centres and airports, located in more than 80 countries of the world. FREQUENTIS COMSOFT is part of the successful Frequentis group, situated in Vienna, Austria.
So, are you ready to take off?
Software Engineer MHS (all genders)
Message Handling Systems
KARLSRUHE | FROM NOW ON | FULL TIME
Our Values
At Frequentis Comsoft, we are convinced that people deliver their best results when working in a company that suits them. Our employees all want to make a difference and to take responsibility for their work. We also firmly believe that as a company, we are stronger when people from diverse backgrounds actively contribute to the business. In addition to professional qualifications, we rely on good ideas, commitment and personal responsibility. We are always seeking bright minds, experts and lateral thinkers of every type, all of whom share an enthusiasm for making global air traffic even safer.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése