Cég neve
Mercedes-Benz AG
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
NETWORK
PYTHON
C++
LINUX
DOCKER
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
NETWORK
PYTHON
C++
LINUX
DOCKER
Angol
felsőfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Are you passionate about robots taking over the world? Then look no further! We are constantly looking for highly motivated students to join our autonomous car research team in Stuttgart, Germany in the following area:
Navigating urban areas presents unique challenges for autonomous vehicles, requiring sophisticated algorithms and custom-generated data to ensure safety and reliability. Within the publicly funded projects STADT:up (stadtup-online.de) and nxtAIM (nxtaim.de), we are dedicated to developing advanced algorithms to address these challenges. Our research focuses on developing novel neural network architectures that enhance the safety and reliability of autonomous vehicles in urban areas. In addition to that, we are pioneering methods to generate new data, which is vital for training and optimizing our models. These innovative approaches aim to improve the performance and adaptability of autonomous driving systems, enabling them to navigate complex urban scenarios safely and efficiently.
You can look forward to working with a diverse team of international colleagues and enjoying good coffee as well as the occasional cake (we love it when you bring one to share!).
The tasks of the working student will include:
Prepare large-scale automated driving datasets for training and evaluation purposes.
Contribute to the development and maintenance of the coding framework for data processing, model training, and validation of end-to-end driving systems.
Conduct literature research to familiarize yourself with the latest advancements in autonomous driving and generative models
Analyze and evaluate algorithm performance using public and in-house datasets, identifying strengths and areas for improvement
Participate in regular meetings to discuss project progress, share insights, and support collaborative problem-solving
The activity can begin from Mai 2026.
Requirements
Minimum Skills Required:
Pursuing a Master's degree in a highly quantitative field such as Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering or adjacent fields
Looking for a working student position
Fluency in English and/or German
Strong programming skills in an object-oriented programming language such as Python/ C++
Familiarity with Linux
Understanding of Convolutional Neural Networks/Vision Transformers/Diffusion Networks
Strong communication skills in a partially remote work environment
Ability to think ahead / Independence
Nice to haves but not required:
Familiarity with deep learning frameworks such as Pytorch
Familiarity with Computer Vision, Foundation Models, Generative AI
Familiarity with LLM / VLM/VLAM
Experience with Docker
German language
Additional information:
The position is based at our research lab in Sindelfingen (partial remote work possible)
Ideally candidates are available for a duration of 6-12 months
We only consider applications that are attached by at least a curriculum vitae, a motivation letter as well as a recent transcript of records
For further information, please feel free to contact us via email
We look forward to receiving your online application, including a resume, cover letter, certificates, current certificate of enrollment stating your semester, and proof of the standard period of study. Please remember to mark your documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form and observe the maximum file size of 5 MB.
You can find further information on the hiring criteria
here
.
Severely disabled applicants and applicants with equivalent status are welcome! The representative for severely disabled employees (
HR Services will be happy to help you with any questions you may have about the application process. You can reach us by email at
What we offer
Meal-Discounts
Mobile Phone for Employees Possible
Discounts for Employees Possible
Annual Profit Share Possible
Events for Employees
Coaching
Flextime Possible
Hybrid Work Possible
Health Benefits
Company Retirement
Mobility Offers
Parking
Inhouse Doctor
Good Public Transport
Barrier-Free Workplace
Near-Site Childcare
Canteen, Café
Company info
Life is always about becoming… Becoming means going on a journey to be the best version of our future selves. While we discover new things, we will face challenges, master them and grow beyond our individual limits.
Apply for a job at Mercedes-Benz and find your individual role and workspace to unleash your talents to the fullest. Empowered by visionary colleagues who share the same pioneering spirit. Joining us means becoming part of a global team that aims to build the most desirable cars in the world. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: MER0004097
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése