Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ISO
SECURITY
AZURE
GDPR
SERVICE MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ISO
SECURITY
AZURE
GDPR
SERVICE
MANAGEMENT
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Welcome to ZEISS – a company that combines innovation and responsibility! Our corporate functions are diverse and make a decisive contribution to the strategic orientation and sustainable success of ZEISS.
In this role you will:
Own and drive the IAM product vision and roadmap, covering identity lifecycle, MFA, SSO, groups & roles, PAM, and governance
Ensure stable, secure, and SLA compliant operation of IAM services together with internal teams and external providers
Translate business and regulatory requirements into product features and continuous improvements
Monitor service quality, KPIs, risk posture, and compliance with frameworks (GDPR, CSOPs, ISO 27001)
Manage collaboration with IAM service providers, participate in operational governance
Maintain accurate and complete product documentation and Service Handbook
Communicate roadmap changes, service updates, and operational issues to stakeholders across IT and business units
Plan and lead IAM related projects of various sizes, milestones
Support audits, identity governance initiatives, internal/external benchmarks, and security improvement programs
Requirements
Proven experience with IAM technologies and concepts (e.g., Azure AD / Entra ID, MFA, SSO, SCIM, RBAC, PAM, federation, identity governance)
Solid background in IT Service Management, product ownership, or service delivery for security critical platforms
Strong understanding of identity lifecycle, authentication standards and compliance frameworks
Experience coordinating external providers, SLAs, and service quality KPIs
Strong analytical and problem solving abilities with structured, independent working style
Excellent communication skills in English and the ability to collaborate with global stakeholders
Company info
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Security
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése