Cég neve
Mercedes-Benz AG
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
R
PYTHON
SQL
MS OFFICE
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
JIRA
AGILE
SCRUM
KANBAN
CONFLUENCE
Elvárások
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
R
PYTHON
SQL
MS
OFFICE
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
JIRA
AGILE
SCRUM
KANBAN
CONFLUENCE
Német
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
The Mercedes-Benz Group AG is a globally leading automotive company, counting among the most successful providers of premium passenger cars with Mercedes-Benz Cars, Vans, and Mobility. The company strives to build the most desirable cars in the world, relying on innovative, connected software functions. With the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MB.OS), the depth of development is continuously increased to bring software innovations to customers faster.
Among other things, the MB.OS Chief Engineer is responsible for the EE architecture, developer journey, and technical project management of MB.OS, to secure the strategic leadership position in car software. If you would like to help shape this path, apply as support for the Portfolio Management MB.OS team. A highly motivated environment with an open feedback culture, personal responsibility, and mutual appreciation awaits you.
These challenges, among others, await you:
Conceptual and operational support in building and maintaining the MB.OS Portfolio Backlog
Data evaluation and quality analysis of planning elements in Jira, including creating and using dashboards
Support in organizing and conducting MB.OS Portfolio planning conferences
Preparation of presentations
Coordination and execution of special tasks as well as task tracking
Coordination of the team's Social Intranet presence
The activity can start from May 2026.
Requirements
Bachelor's or Master's student in a technical or business administration degree program (Business Informatics, Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or similar)
Knowledge of agile working methods (Scrum, Kanban, SAFe, or similar)
Remaining study period of at least 2 semesters is an advantage
Initial practical experience within Mercedes-Benz AG, especially in R&D, is an advantage
Preferably knowledge in using Atlassian Jira and Confluence
Preferably programming experience for creating evaluations and automation (Python, SQL, or similar)
Proficient in using digital tools, media, MS-Office
Proficient in written and spoken German and English
Commitment and teamwork skills
Reliable, proactive, and independent way of working
Strong communication skills
Affinity for automobiles and our products
Additional Information:
We look forward to receiving your online application, including a resume, cover letter, certificates, current certificate of enrollment stating your semester, and proof of the standard period of study. Please remember to mark your documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form and observe the maximum file size of 5 MB.
You can find further information on the hiring criteria
here
.
Severely disabled applicants and applicants with equivalent status are welcome! The representative for severely disabled employees (
HR Services will be happy to help you with any questions you may have about the application process. You can reach us by email at
What we offer
Meal-Discounts
Mobile Phone for Employees Possible
Discounts for Employees Possible
Annual Profit Share Possible
Events for Employees
Coaching
Flextime Possible
Hybrid Work Possible
Health Benefits
Company Retirement
Mobility Offers
Parking
Inhouse Doctor
Good Public Transport
Barrier-Free Workplace
Near-Site Childcare
Canteen, Café
Company info
Life is always about becoming… Becoming means going on a journey to be the best version of our future selves. While we discover new things, we will face challenges, master them and grow beyond our individual limits.
Apply for a job at Mercedes-Benz and find your individual role and workspace to unleash your talents to the fullest. Empowered by visionary colleagues who share the same pioneering spirit. Joining us means becoming part of a global team that aims to build the most desirable cars in the world. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: MER0003WS4
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése