Cég neve
commercetools GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
API
DYNAMICS
CLOUD
SECURITY
ACCESS
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
API
DYNAMICS
CLOUD
SECURITY
ACCESS
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Your Impact
We are seeking a dynamic Director of Product - Ecosystem, reporting to our Chief Product Officerto drive innovation and excellence in our internal and external-facing platform capabilities. This role is critical in ensuring that commercetools provides a best-in-class experience for developers and partners (system integrators and software firms) by delivering a scalable, secure, and extensible ecosystem which is easy and fast to integrate with.
As our Director of Product - Ecosystem, you will work closely with the VP of Engineering - Partner, Platform, and Integration and the leadership team to step change commercetools Time To Value. You will own the Product strategy for the Ecosystem including high value areas of AI and Agentic integrations. You will make investment decisions in our Partner ecosystem, internal engineering productivity, and extensibility, as well as external integrations, developer enablement, and partner support. Your leadership will directly impact commercetools' ability to deliver high-value, easy-to-integrate solutions that are a joy and a breeze to use for our developers and partners.
Your Impact
Define and execute a compelling product vision for the commercetools Ecosystem, ensuring alignment with company goals and developer needs
Drive the development of cutting-edge tools for seamless integrations, extensibility, and developer productivity, including the adoption of GenAI and AI Agents for automation and efficiency
Work closely with the VPs Engineering, collaborate with design, sales, marketing, customer solutions, and customer success teams, especially the VP Partnerships and the Director of Implementation & Customer Solutions to ensure seamless execution and a frictionless developer and partner experience
Ensure a best-in-class developer experience by simplifying integration, improving extensibility, and enhancing API usability
Maintain or strengthen Partner and Customer Trust, minimize Time to Live/Time to Value while balancing Customer satisfaction
Stay ahead of industry trends, emerging technologies, and competitive dynamics to maintain a strong market position
Requirements
Skilled in world class system integration, marketplaces or developer ecosystems
Experienced in building and leading high-performing product teams, driving growth through innovation and execution
Strong ability to communicate complex ideas clearly, align stakeholders, and present effectively at all levels
Proven ability to work across diverse teams in a fast-paced, international environment
Focused on leveraging data insights to drive impact
Strong understanding of product-market fit, growth strategies, and scaling businesses
Deep understanding of developer experience, API-first, microservices, and cloud-based architectures
Business acumen and ability to align product vision with company growth objectives
Experience with AI-driven automation, GenAI, or AI Agents in developer tools and integration ecosystems
AI Aptitude : A genuine curiosity for using AI tools to work smarter and more effectively, paired with a drive to learn and put them into practice in your role.
What we offer
This role offers a hybrid work environment with three days a week in our local office (London, Berlin or Valencia).
Because work and life are connected, our benefits are too. We've designed them to give you the security, flexibility, and opportunities you need to focus on what matters most.
???? Comprehensive health benefits for you and your dependents, including access to OpenUp for personalized mental health support
Learning and development opportunities including an annual learning budget, access to self-paced learning platforms and language training, personalized coaching, mentorship, and leadership programs
Family Leave Plus gives you additional fully paid weeks of parental leave on top of government-provided leave, so you can spend more time with your new addition
Our equity participation program allows you to share in our success
For more information on our benefits, visit this page.
Come as you are. Build with us.
Your unique perspective is essential to our success. We are committed to building a team that reflects the world around us because we know it's the only way to build the future. We celebrate our differences and have created a hiring process that's fair, inclusive, and designed to let your talent shine.
We proudly welcome applicants of every race, color, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, and any other part of your identity that makes you who you are. As an equal opportunity employer, we believe that our strength lies in our diversity, and we invite you to be a part of our global community.
For more information on our diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging practices, visit this page.
Company info
Real innovation starts with a strong foundation, and at commercetools, that comes from the perfect balance of our product and our people.
Behind every leap forward is a collective of builders, explorers, doers, makers, and problem-solvers.The kind of people who not only pioneered a more flexible approach to commerce architecture but also shaped the culture of experimentation that approach unlocked. Together they are the engine of commerce innovation today.
At commercetools, we power the next era of commerce for our customers. Whether it's AI-driven solutions that help enterprises make smarter business decisions, bridging digital and physical shopping experiences, or enabling entirely new ways for industries to connect with their customers, we help the world's most ambitious companies experiment, scale, and grow without limits.
Here the best idea wins, not the loudest voice. You will have the tools, trust, and space to not only build the future of commerce, but to build your own.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése