Cég neve
Bosch Gruppe
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
In our Dresden ASIC development center, we develop ASICs for Bosch Sensortec. Your responsibility will be the dedicated verification of Mixed-Signal ASICs for consumer applications.
Observe and think ahead:
You develop reusable verification environments for our IC Designsand help us to ensure the “First Time Right” of our products
Reliable implementation:
You apply leading edge verification methods for functional and formal verification, therefore influencing the design and quality of our products
Networked communication:
You are part of an international and globally distributed team
Think holistically:
You contribute during the concept-, design- and qualification phase of the product and are responsible for the documentation of our verification processes
Requirements
Personality
: High level of enthusiasm, creativity and willingness to work in international and interdisciplinary teams; effective team player with focused and independent working style
Experience:
More then 5 years of experience required; deep understanding of Specmen e/SystemVerilog and IC Design in general; preferably experience in formal verification methods and UVM
Languages
: Proficient English; German beneficial
Education:
Degree (Dipl./ M.Sc.) of electrical engineering, computer science or comparable qualifications
What we offer
Work-life balance
: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport
: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare
: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts
: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity
: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services
: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Company info
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The
Bosch Sensortec GmbH
is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Dresden
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Engineer
Electronic
Control Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése