Cég neve
FREQUENTIS COMSOFT GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
HARDWARE
NETWORK
LINUX
SECURITY
ACCESS
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
HARDWARE
NETWORK
LINUX
SECURITY
ACCESS
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Supporting a team of systems engineers, systems architects, and hardware engineers in the deployment of customer systems
Applying the requirements engineering process to define functional and non-functional system requirements based on user requirements
Designing highly secure and protected IT system and subsystem architectures
Implementing the solution design for systems consisting of servers and network components
Integrating internal and external components from various subcontractors
Conducting acceptance tests at the factory and on-site at the customer's location
Conducting customer training sessions
Maintaining the overall system configuration and technical documentation
Requirements
Completed studies in computer science or a comparable qualification
Experience or interest in system integration in air traffic control
Practical experience in technical management and evaluation in the Systems Engineering process across project lifecycle
Practical experience with Linux and scripting
Practical experience in computer Networking and Security
Skills in critical-thinking and probem-solving techniques
Willingness and eligibility to obtain German government security clearance
German and English language skills
Willingness to travel worldwide
What we offer
Flexible, family friendly working hours
Lively, open culture
Permanent employment contracts
International career opportunities
Company gym
Offices with max. 4 people
Rooftop terrace
Free beverages
Corporate events
Easy access to public transport
Home Office
Your individual salary is based on your professional experience and qualifications and is part of our attractive total package.
Company info
Even though we maintain our feet on the ground, our second home will always remain in the sky. As a medium-sized IT company situated in Karlsruhe Germany, developing tailored solutions for global air traffic control authorities is our forte. Our contribution to Flight security, can be found in our systems that operate at various flight control centres and airports, located in more than 80 countries of the world. FREQUENTIS COMSOFT is part of the successful Frequentis group, situated in Vienna, Austria.
So, are you ready to take off?
System Engineer SDDS-NG (all genders)
FCO Defence
KARLSRUHE | FROM NOW ON | FULL TIME
Our Values
At Frequentis Comsoft, we are convinced that people deliver their best results when working in a company that suits them. Our employees all want to make a difference and to take responsibility for their work. We also firmly believe that as a company, we are stronger when people from diverse backgrounds actively contribute to the business. In addition to professional qualifications, we rely on good ideas, commitment and personal responsibility. We are always seeking bright minds, experts and lateral thinkers of every type, all of whom share an enthusiasm for making global air traffic even safer.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
Network
and System Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése