Cég neve
United Machining
Munkavégzés helye
Svájc
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
ABAP
BACKEND
ADOBE
CLOUD
DEBUGGING
REST
Elvárások
Nem kell nyelvtudás
5-10 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
ABAP
BACKEND
ADOBE
CLOUD
DEBUGGING
REST
Nem
kell nyelvtudás
5-10
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
SAP ABAP / Fiori Developer
SAP ABAP / Fiori Developer
Switzerland, Meyrin (GE) or Losone (TI)
United Machining is seeking an experienced SAP ABAP / Fiori Developer to design, develop, maintain custom SAP solutions and user-centric applications using SAP Fiori/UI5 framework.
The ideal candidate will bridge the gap between business requirements and technical solutions, creating intuitive interfaces that enhance user experience across our SAP landscape.
Ready to join?
Your tasks
Develop, enhance, and maintain SAP ABAP programs, reports, interfaces, conversions, enhancements and printout forms
Design and develop SAP Fiori applications using SAPUI5 framework, including transactional, analytical, and fact sheet apps
Build custom Fiori apps and extend standard Fiori applications to meet specific business requirements
Develop OData services using SAP Gateway and integrate with backend SAP systems (ECC, S/4HANA)
Configure and customize SAP Fiori Launchpad, including tile creation, role assignment, and theme customization
Create technical specifications based on functional requirements
Perform code reviews, debugging, and performance optimization
Create and maintain comprehensive technical documentation for all developments and customizations
Collaborate with functional consultants and business stakeholders
Your profile
5+ years of hands-on SAP ABAP development (OO, BAPIs, BADIs, User Exits, WebDynpro) and solid experience in both ECC and S/4HANA environments.
Proven expertise in SAP Fiori/UI5 development, including OData service creation and SAP Gateway integration.
Comfort with core SAP development tools and technologies such as SE80/SE11, ALV, Forms (SmartForms/Adobe), CDS Views, REST APIs, and Web IDE/BAS.
Ability to understand business processes (FI/CO, MM/SD, PP/QM) and translate requirements into reliable, maintainable technical solutions.
Familiarity with integration concepts (IDoc, ALE, EDI) and ideally with SAP PI/PO, CPI, or CAP for cloud-native extensions.
Self-driven, detail-oriented developer who learns quickly, collaborates well, and maintains high-quality code and documentation.
Benefits
Clear vision and purpose
Sustainability and innovation focus
We have high sustainability and innovation goals. Let's work towards a sustainable future together.
Excellent learning tools
We provide development opportunities for everyone. We offer global learning tools as well as trainings and specialized courses.
Great career opportunities
United machining as a global acting company provides many opportunities regarding career growth. We also offer a dedicated talent management process (MyNextBigStep@GF) to boost your career.
Your contact
Fanny Brault
HR Manager
Write an email
Rue du Pré-de-la-Fontaine 8
1217 Meyrin
Switzerland
Who we are
United Machining is the world’s leading provider of machine tools, diverse technical solutions and services to manufacturers of precision molds and tooling and of tight-tolerance, precision-machined components. The key segments we serve include the aerospace, automotive, medical, energy, information and communications technology (ICT) and electronics industries jid3751323pn jit0312pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Switzerland
Álláshirdetés jelentése