Cég neve
TÜV SÜD
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
DYNAMICS
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
DYNAMICS
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Take end-to-end ownership of shaping and advancing a scalable Configure–Price–Quote (CPQ) capability across the organization
Translate complex scoping, pricing, and quotation processes into robust, harmonized digital solutions integrated with Microsoft Dynamics 365
Define and steer the functional roadmap for the CPQ platform, starting with the ramp-up phase
Collaborate closely with Sales, Pricing, Operations, Finance, IT, and external partners to standardize commercial logic and strengthen governance and approval frameworks
Drive cross-business-unit alignment to ensure consistency
Build and maintain a future-ready CPQ foundation that supports sustainable commercial growth
Requirements
University degree in Business Administration, Engineering, Information Systems, or a comparable field
6+ years of professional experience in pricing, scoping, quoting, or complex commercial processes
Proven hands-on experience with a CPQ platform is a plus
Practical experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365
Experience working across multiple business units in complex organizations
Strong understanding of pricing models and commercial logic and experience with product configuration and rule-based systems
German knowledge is an advantage
What we offer
Additional Information
In addition to a secure job in a pleasant, collegial atmosphere, you can expect an exciting and varied working environment at TÜV SÜD Digital Service GmbH. We offer you the opportunity to take on responsibility and implement your ideas. We foster flat hierarchies and an open-door policy. Exchange and collaboration in an international environment, training opportunities, and many social benefits complete our offer.
What we offer
Flexible working hours
Special payments
Corporate health and safety management
Company info
At TÜV SÜD we are passionate about technology. Innovations impact our daily lives in countless ways, and we are dedicated to being a part of that progress. We test, we audit, we inspect, we advise. We never stop challenging ourselves for the safety of society and its people. We breathe technology, we strive for professional excellence, and we leave a mark. We take the future into our hands. We are TÜV SÜD.
The Business Process Automation Lead drives the full delivery of automation initiatives using Microsoft Power Platform. Disciplinary leading a cross-functional team, this role oversees solution design, implementation, and optimization to ensure measurable business value. Responsibilities also include strategy, governance, pricing, and monitoring to ensure compliance and long-term impact.
If you want to shape the future with us, we look forward to receiving your application for our location Munich.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Product
owner, -manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése