Cég neve
Mind-Diák Szövetkezet
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest XIII.
Fizetés
Br.
2 950 Ft/óra bér
Számolja ki a nettó fizetést bérkalkulátorunkkal!
Bérkalkulátor
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Diákmunka
Részmunkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SPARK
PYTHON
C++
WORD
OUTLOOK
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
Nem kell tapasztalat
Általános iskola

Diákmunka
Részmunkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SPARK
PYTHON
C++
WORD
OUTLOOK
Angol
felsőfok
Nem
kell tapasztalat
Általános
iskola

Állás leírása
Feladatok
Work with senior engineers and have immediate impact on the development of the Aladdin platform
Use all that cool tech that you have heard about like Snowflake, Spark, Storm, Solr, and more
Gain a broad understanding of the investment process and the capabilities of Aladdin
Develop and maintain financial models to support investment decision-making and risk management
Build and enhance robust, scalable technology solutions within the Aladdin platform
Perform quantitative analyses across a range of financial instruments (e.g. equities, fixed income, derivatives)
Implement analytical tools and models using Python, C++ or other programming languages
Collaborate with global teams (e.g. portfolio management, risk management) to solve complex problems
Contribute to the validation and continuous improvement of financial models
Analyze data and translate results into actionable insights
Elvárások
The position is open for applicants with active or passive student status
Pursuing a degree in a technical field (Maths, Statistics, Computer Science and/or Engineering, Finance, Econometrics, Physics)
Fluency in written and spoken English is essential
Programming skills and experience using Python or C++ to conduct statistical/econometric analysis
Knowledge of Office tools (Outlook, Word, etc.)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Munkaidő:
Availability to work at least 25-30 hours per week according to agreed schedule
Long-term development opportunity
Amit kínálunk
2950 Ft/hour in gross
Internship confirmation
Opportunity to partly work from home (1 day/week)
Learning and development opportunities
Possibility to evolve and gain valuable experience
Join one of the world’s leading asset management firms
Céginformáció
As the world’s largest asset manager and a leading provider of financial technology, BlackRock’s purpose is to help more and more people experience financial well-being. Founded in 1988 and based in New York City, BlackRock operates globally, with more than 70 offices spanning 40 countries, and clients in over 100 countries. They opened their Budapest Innovation Hub in 2017, with the idea that technology and finance go hand-in-hand – something they’ve believed since their founding. As a firm and together with their clients, they work to create a more equitable and resilient world, today and for generations to come.
Jelentkezés módja
A jelentkezés gombra kattintva várjuk jelentkezésed. Sikeres jelentkezést követően kapsz egy értesítőt a Mind-Diák Szövetkezettől, melyben kérünk, kattints a „Jelentkezés megerősítése” gombra. Ha nem találod az értesítőt, érdemes a levélszemét vagy másodlagos mappákat is megnézni a levelezőben.
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
üzemeltetés, Telekommunikáció
IT
support, Helpdesk
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése