Cég neve
IU Internationale Hochschule
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
JAVA
TESTING
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
JAVA
TESTING
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
You
teach
fundamental knowledge with high practical relevance, e.g. for the topics web application development, Java programming, software requirements engineering and web application testing, and are responsible for
correcting
exams.
You
design
courses using high-quality teaching materials provided to you based on the coursebook (you can find more insights in the coursebook).
You
conduct
practical teaching sessions and tutorial on-site and
promote
an active and interactive learning process.
You
support
dual students in combining theory and practice and contribute to their personal and professional development.
Requirements
You successfully completed a
university degree
in Computer Science, Software Engineering or a related field and have comprehensive
knowledge
of statistics.
You have
practical work experience
in the relevant subject area.
Ideally, you already have
initial experience
(e.g., as a tutor, teacher, lecturer, or research assistant) in
academic teaching
.
You have a
strong interest in innovative, digital, and modern education
and enjoy working with students.
You have
English language skills at C1 level
of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR).
What we offer
Experience modern teaching
: In small courses with a maximum of 40 students, you can carry out your teaching duties with full creative freedom.
Become part of the world's best team:
Benefit from numerous networking opportunities and a respectful working atmosphere.
Pass on your valuable knowledge…:
Here with us, you impart valuable education to our knowledge-hungry students - A gift that is gladly shared.
Work flexibly
: Experience the freedom of teaching and maximum flexibility with us.
Together we exceed expectations
: We support one another, share lecture materials without restrictions, and cultivate an open, professional exchange.
Experience innovation and dynamism:
In an environment that embraces emerging technologies, AI-powered tools, and digital collaboration, we are shaping the future of education together.
Teaching suits you – also on your CV!
Apply easily with your CV, any certificates, and relevant work references and become part of our mission to make education accessible to all.
What often sounds like dry theory comes to life with us –
when practical knowledge is brought to the point. It's about connecting theory with concrete examples, fostering talents, and preparing students for the future. Whether as part of your academic career or a passion alongside your main job: With your expertise and our flexibility, we shape the future –
become a lecturer at IU International University!
Please note that we are unfortunately unable to accept applications by e-mail for data protection reasons. If you are interested in several vacancies, we would ask you to apply for each vacancy separately.
We back up our words with actions:
We take our “Culture of Everyone“ seriously and want to make clear that no matter your origin, religion, gender, age, or sexual orientation, we will welcome and accept you. Our doors stand also open to you if you have an impairing. We look forward to a diverse cooperation at IU!
Freelance lectureship at IU – Start: 01.07.2026 – 18/48 teaching units – Locations: Bad Honnef, Berlin
Company info
IU INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY - MyStudium – Because teaching is not just a job, it's a statement.
You don't just want to teach, you want to make a difference? Then start at Germany's largest university and shape the future of teaching with us - in an environment that focuses on your professional and personal needs.
Contribute to our academic world as a
freelance lecturer
in
MyStudium
with
18
or
48teaching units
starting on
01.07.2026
.
Choose between one of our vacant locations:
Bad Honnef
or
Berlin
.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése