Cég neve
Ruhr-Universität Bochum
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
.HTML.
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
.HTML.
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a research assistant (m/f/x), you will independently and reliably prepare and carry out experiments, analyse the results and …
Conduct empirical and theoretical interdisciplinary research on legal question answering in German laymen questions
Design and execute state-of-the-art NLP experiments and user studies
Independently analyze qualitative and quantitative data
Collaborate with researchers from other disciplines to develop innovative approaches to legal NLP
Publication of research results in leading international venues
Requirements
Master degree in computer science or related fields (AI, mathematics, statistics) with excellent grades
Proven experiences in contemporary natural language processing, legal NLP is a plus
Near-native proficiency in German, as the focus is on German legal data processing; C1 as a minimum for second language speakers
High proficiency in English, both written and spoken, for scientific publications and presentations
The campus languages are German and English. Competence in at least one of the two languages and the willingness to learn the other are a prerequisite.
What we offer
Scope:
full-time
Duration:
fixed-term, 3 Jahre
Start:
at the earliest possible date
We offer:
Options for flexible working (mobile working and teleworking)
Collaboration in a committed and appreciative team
Challenging and varied tasks with a high level of independence
Further information:
The position is salaried and based on the collective agreement of the Länder (TV-L).If the personal and collective agreement requirements are met, the employee will receive pay grade E13 TV-L.
Further information can be found at
(in German).
The place of work is Ruhr University Bochum.
If the position is funded by third-party funds the employee has no teaching obligation.
At the request of the applicant, the position can also be filled on a part-time basis.RUB provides corresponding free courses for employees.
German language courses are offered by the University Language Center (ZFA) in the field of German as a Foreign Language (DaF).
The Staff Council has the right to participate in all selection interviews. At the request of a candidate (m/f/x), it will ensure its participation in the entire procedure.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum stands for diversity and equal opportunities. For this reason, we favour a working environment composed of heterogeneous teams, and seek to promote the careers of individuals who are underrepresented in our respective professional areas. The Ruhr-Universität Bochum expressly requests job applications from women. In areas in which they are underrepresented they will be given preference in the case of equivalent qualifications with male candidates. Applications from individuals with disabilities are most welcome.
Company info
In order to fill a fixed-term position in full-time (39.83 hours/week = 100%) at the earliest possible date, we are looking for 1
PhD researcher on German legal question answering (m,f,x)
The Trustworthy Human Language Technologies (TrustHLT) group conducts bacis research in two areas of natural language processing (NLP), namely in privacy-preserving NLP and legal NLP. The TrustHLT group's research on privacy in NLP focuses on developing methods and models to protect sensitive information in text processing tasks. Our work explores privacy-preserving techniques such as differential privacy, text rewriting, and private data generation in various NLP areas. We address challenges like balancing privacy with downstream performance, scalability, or linguistic quality. In the domain of legal NLP, TrustHLT investigates approaches to enhance the understanding and analysis of legal documents. Our research includes tasks such as legal argument mining, summarizing legal texts, and answering legal questions from laypeople. Our interdisciplinary projects aim at providing valuable insights in fields like court decision analysis and civil law procedures.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum is one of Germany's leading research universities, addressing the whole range of academic disciplines. A highly dynamic setting enables researchers and students to work across the traditional boundaries of academic subjects and faculties. To create knowledge networks within and beyond the university is Ruhr-Universität Bochum's declared aim.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése