Cég neve
Ruhr-Universität Bochum
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
XML
PYTHON
DATABASES
.HTML.
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok és
Arab középfok és
Kínai középfok és
Latin középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
XML
PYTHON
DATABASES
.HTML.
Angol
középfok és Német középfok és Arab középfok és Kínai középfok és Latin középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
- Acquisition and conversion of textual corpora from diverse sources into a shared TEI schema
- Refinement of the shared TEI schema and documentation as a TEI customization (ODD)
- Supporting full-text digitization via OCR/HTR pipelines
- Management of image collections
- Modeling metadata for text and image collections (TEI and IIIF)
- Publication support for digital scholarly editions
Requirements
- MA degree in Digital Humanities, or MA degree in either a humanities discipline or a computer science related discipline with documented experience in digital humanities (PhD desirable)
- Knowledge of XML encoding (esp. TEI XML)
- Solid programming skills in at least one programming language relevant to the digital humanities (e.g., Python)
- Good communication skills and abilities to explain abstract technicalities for non-DH domain experts
- Excellent language skills in English; German skills desirable
In addition, the following qualifications are desirable:
- Experience with XML databases and frameworks (eXist-db, TEI Publisher)
- Experience with bibliographic metadata schemes and authority data vocabularies
- Experience with non-Latin script in Unicode (e.g., Arabic, Chinese)
- Experience with OCR/HTR pipelines
- Experience with IIIF image resources
The campus languages are German and English. Competence in at least one of the two languages and the willingness to learn the other are a prerequisite.
What we offer
ZWE CERES:
Religionswissenschaft
One position of a research associate (TV-L E 13) is to be filled for 42 months starting on July 01, 2026.
Scope:
part-time, full-time
Duration:
fixed-term, 31.12.2029
Start:
01.07.2026
We offer:
- An interdisciplinary research environment including colleagues from computational linguistics, digital humanities, religious studies, and various philologies
- The opportunity to pursue a Ph.D. in a structured graduate program with strong support
- Flexible and family-friendly working conditions
- Professional development, mentoring, and training
- The opportunity to join one of the largest universities in Germany, embedded in the University Alliance Ruhr
- Possibility to work part-time
Further information:
The position is salaried and based on the collective agreement of the Länder (TV-L).If the personal and collective agreement requirements are met, the employee will receive pay grade E13 TV-L.
Further information can be found at
(in German).
The place of work is Ruhr University Bochum.
If the position is funded by third-party funds the employee has no teaching obligation.
RUB provides corresponding free courses for employees.
German language courses are offered by the University Language Center (ZFA) in the field of German as a Foreign Language (DaF).
The Staff Council has the right to participate in all selection interviews. At the request of a candidate (m/f/x), it will ensure its participation in the entire procedure.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum stands for diversity and equal opportunities. For this reason, we favour a working environment composed of heterogeneous teams, and seek to promote the careers of individuals who are underrepresented in our respective professional areas. The Ruhr-Universität Bochum expressly requests job applications from women. In areas in which they are underrepresented they will be given preference in the case of equivalent qualifications with male candidates. Applications from individuals with disabilities are most welcome.
Company info
In order to fill a fixed-term position in part-time, full-time (39.83 hours/week = 100%) 01.07.2026, we are looking for 1
Research Data Engineer (m/f/x)
CERES is a Central Research Unit of the Ruhr-Universität Bochum. It currently brings together over 50 researchers, making it one of the largest centers for the comparative study of religion in Europe. The position will be filled within the CRC 1475 “Metaphors of Religion” combining digital research methods with philology and religious studies to study the role of metaphors in religious communication. Based on a linguistically and historically wide-ranging corpus (including Avestan, Sanskrit, Hebrew, Arabic, Classical Chinese, Tibetan, and several European languages; from the second millennium BCE to the present), the CRC comparatively analyzes metaphors across traditions such as Christianity, Islam, Zoroastrianism, Jainism, Buddhism, Confucianism, and Daoism. Its research is strongly collaborative, grounded in a shared digital infrastructure and a common methodological and theoretical framework. Further details can be found at
to a pending funding commitment from the German Research Foundation (DFG) expected in mid-May 2026, the CRC 1475 is seeking to fill a position as a research data engineer in subproject Information Infrastructure (INF) under the direction of Prof. Dr. Volkhard Krech, Prof. Dr. Christoph Sander, and Prof. Dr. Frederik Elwert.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum is one of Germany's leading research universities, addressing the whole range of academic disciplines. A highly dynamic setting enables researchers and students to work across the traditional boundaries of academic subjects and faculties. To create knowledge networks within and beyond the university is Ruhr-Universität Bochum's declared aim.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése