Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
AWS
AZURE
SAP
SECURITY
VIRTUALIZATION
NETWORK
@SAP.
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
AWS
AZURE
SAP
SECURITY
VIRTUALIZATION
NETWORK
@SAP.
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What you'll do
Are you a cloud maestro who can orchestrate the hybrid/multi-cloud environment, having a visionary mindset to translate the customer needs to Sovereign cloud strategies with technical precision, strategic governance, and effective cross-team coordination.
Expectation and Tasks
Present Sovereign Cloud offering, technical details, and engagement model, managed service offerings to customers and stakeholders.
Present the technical and value proposition for private cloud on various platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP, SCI etc.)
Conduct customer assessment workshops to define the cloud roadmap from As-is to To-Be
Enable the customer to understand Sovereign cloud principles, operational aspects, and managed services
Plan the migration roadmap together with partners, system integrators and or SAP Professional Services
Advise on non-functional capabilities like Business Continuity, Security, Compliance
Own technical discussions with the customer and liaise internally
Provide ongoing deal support by being part of VAT and a trusted advisor
Handover to delivery for deployment / provisioning
Requirements
What you bring
Required Skills
8+ years of customer facing and SAP consulting experience with high proficiency in customer communication and presentation
Good understanding of SAP solution releases and dependencies
Solid understanding of cloud and platform stacks like virtualization, compute, network, storage
Good understanding of the hyperscaler like AWS, Azure, GCP and SCI capabilities
SAP HANA, S/4 HANA, SAP NetWeaver, OS/DB migration, SAP HANA, TOGAF certification
High proficiency in SAP product portfolio, Industry solutions and offerings, specifically high-level knowledge about SAP BTP and Integration
Self-sufficient and work under critical timelines, continuous learner
Willingness to go through personal security clearance (Government process)
Preferred Skills
Knowledge of Cybersecurity, FIPS, Data Privacy laws
Prior experience in pre-sales
Certification of the hyperscaler AWS, Azure, GCP
Experience in Service delivery, ITSM
SAP system operations and management
Experience working with regulated industries, public sector
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
The position can also be filled in part time
We win with inclusionSAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 438296 | Work Area: Software-Development Operations | Expected Travel: 0 - 10% | Career Status: Professional | Employment Type: Part Time or Regular Full Time #LI-Hybri #SAPCareersSovereignCloud, #SAPCloudReq
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
Meet the team
Sovereign Cloud solutions help organizations comply with data privacy, residency, and sovereignty laws by keeping information systems within national borders. SAP Sovereign Cloud Services is a specialized unit within the Customer Services & Delivery (CS&D), specializing in end-to-end sovereign cloud solutions designed for regulated industries and government entities
Bring out your bestSAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Security
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése