Cég neve
ZHAW
Munkavégzés helye
Svájc
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ANALYTICS
MACHINE LEARNING
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ANALYTICS
MACHINE
LEARNING
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Research Associate Intelligent Signal Processing for Railway IoT 80 - 100 %
Are you passionate about pushing signal processing further? Are you fascinated by combining it with deep learning methods to build real-world solutions deployed in operational railway systems? If yes, this role is for you.
Research Associate Intelligent Signal Processing for Railway IoT 80 - 100 %
School:
School of Engineering
Starting date:
1 June 2026 or upon agreement
Your role
As part of our research team, you will play a central role in applied research projects on AI for intelligent machine health.
You will develop innovative methods using state-of-the-art signal processing, machine learning, and deep learning techniques, and publish your results in scientific journals and conferences.
You will combine engineering knowledge with advanced signal processing and data science approaches.
You will design and implement algorithms for early detection and diagnostics of failures in railway systems.
You will collaborate closely with industry partners to transfer and deploy developed algorithms in real operational environments.
Your work will primarily focus on algorithm research and development, with relatively limited data engineering or management tasks.
You will have the opportunity to co-supervise student research projects and contribute to the development of junior researchers.
You will be supported by experienced colleagues, enabling you to further develop your technical and scientific expertise.
The position offers a high degree of flexibility and autonomy in your daily will join a dynamic and rewarding research environment that combines multidisciplinary innovation with strong industrial position is initially limited to two years, with the possibility of extension up to a maximum of three years.
Your profile
You hold a Master's or PhD degree in Engineering, Physics, Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or a related field.
You possess strong knowledge and hands-on experience in signal processing, including methods such as Fourier, Wavelet, and Hilbert transforms. Experience in audio signal processing is considered an advantage.
You have programming experience in ; familiarity with TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch is a plus.
You have experience applying data analytics and machine learning techniques; experience with deep learning algorithms is advantageous.
Experience working with real-world, unsupervised data environments is beneficial.
You demonstrate strong written and verbal communication skills in English.
You are curious and motivated to develop new methods and algorithms and apply them in real industrial systems.
You are eager to develop your research skills under the guidance of experienced researchers.
We welcome applications from proactive and self-motivated candidates who demonstrate strong analytical thinking, excellent problem-solving abilities, effective communication skills, and originality in their approach.
This is what we stand for
Zurich University of Applied Sciences ZHAW is one of Switzerland's largest multidisciplinary universities of applied sciences, with over 14'000 students and 3'400 faculty and staff.
As one of the leading educational and research institutions in Switzerland, the School of Engineering (SoE) focuses on topics relevant to the future. Fourteen institutes and centers ensure high-quality education, research, and development with a focus on the areas of energy, mobility, information, and health.
At the Institute of Data Science (IDS), we transform data into tangible added value. With a strong scientific foundation and a clear focus on practical solutions, we develop innovative approaches in Data Science and Business Engineering.
Our research team at the IDS focuses on intelligent data-driven solutions for machine health monitoring and optimization in industrial and infrastructure systems.
This position offers the opportunity to develop cutting edge solutions for condition-based-maintenance of railway systems at the interface of signal processing and machine learning together with a multidisciplinary team of experienced researchers and industry experts.
ZHAW is committed to gender-mixed and diverse teams in order to promote equality, diversity and innovation.
What you can expect
We offer working conditions and terms of employment commensurate with higher education institutions and actively promote personal development for staff in leadership and non-leadership positions. A detailed description of advantages and benefits can be found at Working at the ZHAW. The main points are listed below:
Contact
Dr. Lilach Goren
Senior Lecturer, Machine Health Intelligence
Irina Keiser
Recruiting Manager jida9ebaa2pn jit0312pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Switzerland
Álláshirdetés jelentése