Cég neve
Ruhr-Universität Bochum
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
- development and parameterization of machine learning interatomic potentials
- implementation of new algorithms in scientific software packages
- generation of training data using electronic structure calculations, atomistic simulations
- presentation of scientific results at conferences and in journal publications
- participation in national and international collaborative projects of the group
Requirements
- you hold a PhD or doctoral degree in chemistry, physics, materials science or a related field
- you have programming experience (e.g. Python, Fortran) and are highly motivated to contribute to the development of new methods and scientific software
- you have a solid background in electronic structure calculations, e.g. density functional theory
- ideally, you have experience in atomistic simulation methods like molecular dynamics
- you have very good English skills (spoken and written), German language skills are desirable but not mandatory
The campus languages are German and English. Competence in at least one of the two languages and the willingness to learn the other are a prerequisite.
What we offer
We offer an exciting interdisciplinary and international research environment as well as excellent working conditions with state-of-the-art equipment and high-performance computing facilities.
Scope:
full-time
Duration:
fixed-term, 3 Jahre
Start:
at the earliest possible date
Apply by:
2026-04-05
We offer:
- employment at one of the largest universities in Germany within the University Alliance Ruhr
- challenging and varied tasks with a high level of independence
- an exciting interdisciplinary and international working environment with state-of-the-art equipment
- collaborations in a highly motivated and supportive team
- training and development opportunities
- the opportunity to present your work at international conferences
Further information:
The position is salaried and based on the collective agreement of the Länder (TV-L).If the personal and collective agreement requirements are met, the employee will receive pay grade E13 TV-L.
Further information can be found at
(in German).
The place of work is Ruhr University Bochum.
If the position is funded by third-party funds the employee has no teaching obligation.
RUB provides corresponding free courses for employees.
German language courses are offered by the University Language Center (ZFA) in the field of German as a Foreign Language (DaF).
The Staff Council has the right to participate in all selection interviews. At the request of a candidate (m/f/x), it will ensure its participation in the entire procedure.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum stands for diversity and equal opportunities. For this reason, we favour a working environment composed of heterogeneous teams, and seek to promote the careers of individuals who are underrepresented in our respective professional areas. The Ruhr-Universität Bochum expressly requests job applications from women. In areas in which they are underrepresented they will be given preference in the case of equivalent qualifications with male candidates. Applications from individuals with disabilities are most welcome.
Company info
In order to fill a fixed-term position in full-time (39.83 hours/week = 100%) at the earliest possible date, we are looking for one
Postdoctoral Researcher (m,f,x) in Machine Learning Potentials, Theoretical Chemistry II, Research Alliance Ruhr
The Chair of Theoretical Chemistry II at Ruhr-Universität Bochum (RUB) is part of the Research Center Chemical Sciences and Sustainability of the Research Alliance Ruhr (RAR). The RAR is a joint initiative of TU Dortmund, Ruhr-Universität Bochum and Universität Duisburg-Essen funded by the state of North Rhine-Westphalia to expand the research landscape in the metropolitan area Ruhr. Our group is located close to the RUB-Campus in Bochum. Our main research focus is the development and application of machine learning interatomic potentials for large-scale atomistic simulations in chemistry and materials science.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum is one of Germany's leading research universities, addressing the whole range of academic disciplines. A highly dynamic setting enables researchers and students to work across the traditional boundaries of academic subjects and faculties. To create knowledge networks within and beyond the university is Ruhr-Universität Bochum's declared aim.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Engineer
Metallurgical-
and Materials Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése