Cég neve
VP Bank AG
Munkavégzés helye
Landstrasse 15, 9495 Triesen, Liechtenstein
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ANALYTICS
BI
PANDAS
DATABASES
POSTGRESQL
TABLEAU
EXCEL
POWER BI
Elvárások
Angol középfok
Nem kell tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ANALYTICS
BI
PANDAS
DATABASES
POSTGRESQL
TABLEAU
EXCEL
POWER
BI
Angol
középfok
Nem
kell tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Internship Data Analytics (3 to 6 months) (m/w/d)
Are you curious and eager to seize new opportunities? Do you go the extra mile and have an open, communicative personality with a strong customer and solution orientation? Then let's exceed our customers' expectations together and continue the success story of VP Bank. With us, you'll find space for bold ideas and the opportunity to actively shape the future.
Internship Data Analytics (3 to 6 months) (m/w/d)
Your Challenge
Support the BI team in turning data into strategic recommendations and operational improvements
Analyze business performance, identify trends, and generate insights for decision makers
Conduct top-down analyses on market trends, KPIs, and business performance
Perform ad-hoc deep-dive analyses to uncover root causes behind develop-ments
Build and enhance dashboards and reports to highlight trends, anomalies, and performance drivers
Translate stakeholder needs into clear analytical tasks and communicate in-sights effectively
Collaborate with front- and back-office teams across the organization
Support the BI team with ad-hoc requests and ongoing analytical questions
Your Profile
Bachelor's or Master's student from a university or applied science program in computer science, data science, engineering, mathematics, economics - or equivalent practical experience (e.g., apprenticeship)
Excellent written and spoken English skills
Solid skills in the analytics toolkit (e.g., , NumPy, pandas; experience with ML frameworks like scikit-learn or TensorFlow is a plus)
Familiarity with software engineering and databases ( 3, PostgreSQL or other major relational databases; Excel, Tableau or Power BI are advantageous)
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills; ability to derive meaningful insights from complex datasets
Clear and confident communication and storytelling skills for both technical and non-technical audiences
Industry experience or basic understanding of banking is a plus
We currently only accept direct applications and therefore ask recruitment consultancies to refrain from making enquiries.
Your contact person
Throughout your application process, you will be accompanied by
Filiz Frommelt
Young Talents Specialist
Your benefits
Our employees are our pride and joy. VP Bank considers it important to give something back and to contribute to the well-being of each and every individual. We strive to do this every day. VP Bank employees enjoy respectful and fair treatment and also receive a wide range of benefits. You can find out more about our benefits here:
Your new working environment
Founded in Liechtenstein in 1956, VP Bank has grown from a small family bank to the third largest bank in Liechtenstein and an internationally active company. With about 1,000 employees, we have the expertise and flexibility to offer our clients first-class solutions with a personal touch. jid3a636edpn jit0312pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Abroad
Álláshirdetés jelentése