Cég neve
Ruhr-Universität Bochum
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
The main task is to conduct high-quality and independent research on collaborative learning in wireless networks. The research addresses fundamental challenges related to efficiency, adaptability, and system performance. The objective is to develop learning algorithms and to analyze their behavior with respect to relevant performance metrics. The results are expected to be published in leading IEEE journals and/or major machine learning conferences.
Requirements
An excellent Ph.D. or M.Sc. degree with a strong publication record in Computer Science (Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence) or Electrical Engineering (Signal Processing, Information Theory, Wireless Communications)
A solid mathematical background
Strong programming skills, especially Python
Excellent command of English, both written and spoken.
What we offer
Scope:
full-time
Duration:
fixed-term, 30.06.2028 (end of project)
Start:
at the earliest possible date
Apply by:
2026-03-23
We offer:
We offer a cooperative and friendly working environment that encourages collaboration, creativity, and professional growth.
The position is embedded in the framework of the 6GEM+ Transfer Hub, which involves several universities and research institutes. The successful candidate will benefit from opportunities for scientific exchange and collaboration through participation in project-related activities.
Partial remote work (up to 40%) is possible.
Further information:
The position is salaried and based on the collective agreement of the Länder (TV-L).If the personal and collective agreement requirements are met, the employee will receive pay grade E13 TV-L.
Further information can be found at
(in German).
The place of work is Ruhr University Bochum.
If the position is funded by third-party funds the employee has no teaching obligation.
RUB sees itself as a university with an international presence. The campus languages are German and English. Competence in at least one of the two languages and the willingness to learn the other are a prerequisite. RUB provides corresponding free courses for employees.
German language courses are offered by the University Language Center (ZFA) in the field of German as a Foreign Language (DaF).
The Staff Council has the right to participate in all selection interviews. At the request of a candidate (m/f/x), it will ensure its participation in the entire procedure.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum stands for diversity and equal opportunities. For this reason, we favour a working environment composed of heterogeneous teams, and seek to promote the careers of individuals who are underrepresented in our respective professional areas. The Ruhr-Universität Bochum expressly requests job applications from women. In areas in which they are underrepresented they will be given preference in the case of equivalent qualifications with male candidates. Applications from individuals with disabilities are most welcome.
Company info
In order to fill a fixed-term position in full-time (39.83 hours/week = 100%) at the earliest possible date, we are looking for a
Research associate (m/f/x)
The group conducts fundamental research in artificial intelligence and machine learning. Our work spans areas such as multi-armed bandits, transfer learning, federated learning, and learning in multi-agent systems involving cooperation, competition, and coordination. While our methods are generic and applicable across diverse fields, we primarily focus on engineering and technical applications, including the Internet of Things, communication networks, and robotics.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum is one of Germany's leading research universities, addressing the whole range of academic disciplines. A highly dynamic setting enables researchers and students to work across the traditional boundaries of academic subjects and faculties. To create knowledge networks within and beyond the university is Ruhr-Universität Bochum's declared aim.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Engineer
Electronic
Control Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése