Cég neve
Ruhr-Universität Bochum
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a research assistant, you will support postdoctoral researchers with numerical simulations or hardware demonstrations in the area of collaborative machine learning in 6G wireless networks.
Support postdoctoral researchers in conducting numerical simulations related to collaborative learning in wireless networks.
Assist postdoctoral researchers with hardware demonstrations focused on collaboration and coordination among small radio devices.
Contribute to the analysis, interpretation, and documentation of experimental and simulation results.
Requirements
Knowledge of wireless communication
Strong experience with MATLAB or Python
Professional proficiency in English
Practical experience with hardware experiments or a strong mathematical background is an advantage
What we offer
Scope:
part-time
Duration:
fixed-term, 1 Year
Start:
April 01, 2026
Apply by:
2026-03-20
We offer:
Challenging and varied tasks with a high level of independence
Flexible working hours with consideration for study times
Collaboration in a committed and appreciative team
Further information:
The opening is for an undergraduate assistant and is governed by § 6 of the Wissenschaftszeitvertragsgesetz (engl. Academic Fixed-Term Contract Act; WissZeitVG). The hourly wage is 16,30 €.The Place of work is Ruhr University Bochum.
With strong qualifications and good performance, an increase to up to 12 hr/week is possible after three months.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum stands for diversity and equal opportunities. For this reason, we favour a working environment composed of heterogeneous teams, and seek to promote the careers of individuals who are underrepresented in our respective professional areas. The Ruhr-Universität Bochum expressly requests job applications from women. In areas in which they are underrepresented they will be given preference in the case of equivalent qualifications with male candidates. Applications from individuals with disabilities are most welcome.
Company info
Chair of Learning Technical Systems
In order to fill a fixed-term position in part-time (8 hr/week) April 01, 2026, we are looking for one
Research assistant (WHB) (m/f/x) with a Bachelor's degree
The group conducts core research in artificial intelligence and machine learning, with a primary focus on online decision-making under uncertainty. Our work spans areas such as (inverse, deep, and causal) reinforcement learning, multi-armed bandits, and learning in multi-agent systems involving cooperation, competition, and coordination. We are particularly interested in how intelligent systems can adapt across changing domains and recover from suboptimal or biased decisions through principled approaches to domain adaptation and algorithmic recourse. While our methods are generic and applicable across diverse fields—including medicine, education, and finance—we primarily apply them to engineering and technical systems, such as the Internet of Things, next-generation communication networks, and robotics.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum is one of Germany's leading research universities, addressing the whole range of academic disciplines. A highly dynamic setting enables researchers and students to work across the traditional boundaries of academic subjects and faculties. To create knowledge networks within and beyond the university is Ruhr-Universität Bochum's declared aim.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Engineer
Electronic
Control Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése