Cég neve
Atotech Deutschland GmbH & Co. KG
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
We are driving the digital transformation of industrial processes and building modern, efficient and secure production environments. At our Berlin site, you will work closely with experts in chemistry, quality assurance and digitalization, gaining valuable insights into industrial digitalization projects. Start immediately. Our site is located in Berlin Moabit. We pay a rate of €16.64 per hour.
Your responsibilities
Conducting tests as part of the software development lifecycle (SDLC), particularly during the initiation and feasibility phases
Documenting processes, test results and relevant work steps
Conducting tests and spot checks when working with IOQC systems (inline optical quality control – the product we develop)
Supporting chemists in the execution of experiments for the Digital Factory Suite (DFS) – the product we develop
Requirements
Enrolled student (m/f/d) on a science, engineering or IT-related degree programme (e.g. Chemistry, Biotechnology, Computer Science, Data Science, Industrial Engineering)
Interest in digital solutions in industrial or pharmaceutical environments
A structured, meticulous approach to work and a passion for documentation and analysis
Initial experience with quality assurance, laboratory processes or software testing is an advantage, but not essential
Very good English skills; German is a plus
What we offer
Globally, our policy is to recruit individuals from wide and diverse backgrounds. However, certain positions require access to controlled goods and technologies subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) or Export Administration Regulations (EAR). Applicants for these positions may need to be "U.S. persons." "U.S. persons" are generally defined as U.S. citizens, noncitizen nationals, lawful permanent residents (or, green card holders), individuals granted asylum, and individuals admitted as refugees.
MKS Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries ("MKS") is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer: diverse candidates are encouraged to apply. We win as a team and are committed to recruiting and hiring qualified applicants regardless of race, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions), religion, age, ancestry, physical or mental disability or handicap, marital status, membership in the uniformed services, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, or any other category protected by applicable law. Hiring decisions are based on merit, qualifications and business needs. We conduct background checks and drug screens, in accordance with applicable law and company policies. MKS Inc. is generally only hiring candidates who reside in states where we are registered to do business.
Company info
Atotech, a brand within the Materials Solutions Division of MKS Inc., develops leading process and manufacturing technologies for advanced surface modification, electroless and electrolytic plating, and surface finishing. Applying a comprehensive systems-and-solutions approach, Atotech's portfolio includes chemistry, equipment, software, and services for innovative and high-technology applications. These solutions are used in a wide variety of end-markets, including datacenter, consumer electronics and communications infrastructure, as well as in numerous industrial and consumer applications such as automotive, heavy machinery, and household appliances.
With its well-established innovative strength and industry-leading global TechCenter network, MKS Inc. delivers pioneering solutions through its Atotech brand – combined with unparalleled on-site support for customers worldwide. For more information about Atotech, please visit us at
atotech.com
.
MKS Inc. in Berlin is looking for a
Working Student (m/w/d) – Industrial Digital Solutions
Reference number: R17747
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Manufacturing,
Production
Laboratory
Technician
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése