Cég neve
Techtronic Industries ELC GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
SECURITY
API
NETWORK
CLOUD
DATABASES
ERP
REST
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
PMP
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
SECURITY
API
NETWORK
CLOUD
DATABASES
ERP
REST
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
PMP
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Architecture and Design: Define target and transitional architecture for SAP S/4HANA and integrated systems, ensuring scalability, security and performance.
Domain Expertise: Provide solution leadership across Sales and Operation Planning, Sales and Distribution, Supply Chain, and Export Procedures.
Integration and Data: Design reliable integrations (IDoc/ODATA/API/ETL/REST API) and data models across SAP and non-SAP platforms in collaboration with the Integration Team.
Security and Infrastructure: Collaborate with Security and Infrastructure teams to maintain a compliant, secure authorization model and network environment.
Customization and Extensibility: Govern custom development and extensions using a standard-first and clean core approach.
Delivery Governance: Provide solution assurance (QA), guide functional and technical teams, and uphold architectural and delivery standards.
Project Partnership: Collaborate with project managers to shape delivery plans, effort estimates, and milestones.
Continuous Improvement: Identify opportunities to automate, simplify, or modernize logistics and end-to-end business processes.
Evaluate new SAP capabilities and contribute to the long term SAP roadmap.
Lead the creation of functional and technical designs, architecture diagrams, process maps and solution documentation.
Requirements
Excellent knowledge of SAP solutions—preferably S/4HANA—across sales and operation planning, sales and distribution, supply chain, and export procedures.
Proven experience with cloud-based SAP solutions (e.g., SAP BTP).
Proficiency in SAP architecture, data modeling and integration techniques.
Broad IT knowledge, i.e., interfaces, databases, cloud solutions, web solutions, IT security, and basic networking.
Solid understanding of Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP).
Proven experience in functional consulting and hands-on customization knowledge.
Necessary know-how to design scalable, resilient system architectures.
Experience in delivering SAP initiatives and project management practices.
Analytical, structured way of working combined with new ideas and a commitment to standards.
Experience in vendor/software selection and AMS transitions.
Knowledge about enterprise architecture frameworks is a plus.
Experience leading solution governance and QA in complex S/4HANA programs.
Relevant SAP certifications (e.g., SAP Certified Technology Associate; SAP Certified Application Associate — S/4HANA) are desirable.
Project management certifications (e.g., PMP, PRINCE2) are a plus.
What we offer
An interesting position with an attractive company – recognized as a “top employer” by kununu
Company pension scheme
Free parking spaces directly next to the office and good public transport connections
Fresh fruit, water and hot beverages for free
Company fitness via “EGYM Wellpass“
EAP (mental support for employees)
Learning platforms such as “GoodHabitz“ and “Learn TTI“ for your professional development
Special employee benefits via “Family & Friends“ and additional corporate benefits
Company info
Techtronic Industries (TTI) is a world leader in cordless technology spanning power tools, accessories, hand tools, outdoor power equipment, as well as floorcare and cleaning products. Our focus is on end-users that range from professionals in the industrial, construction and infrastructure sectors to DIYers in home improvement, repair, and maintenance. TTI's powerful brand portfolio includes MILWAUKEE®, RYOBI®, AEG® – recognized worldwide for their deep heritage and innovative product platforms of superior quality.
The company maintains a global manufacturing and product development footprint, with record worldwide sales of approximately US$14.6 billion and around 49,000 employees in 2024. Hiring exceptional people is a top focus at TTI. This drives a high-performance culture across all levels of our organization and helps to achieve our vision of being number one in the industries we serve. Our unique high-speed decision-making process supports our acute focus on developing superior products and meeting high customer expectations. We view our winning culture as a competitive advantage that powers our growth.
The IT EMEA organization delivers high-quality support, innovative technology solutions, and strong process knowledge across SAP and connected platforms. We are looking for a Solution Architect (m/f/d) to lead the architecture, integration strategy, and long-term roadmap of our SAP S/4HANA landscape across EMEA. In this role, you will collaborate with business stakeholders and functional consultants to design scalable, secure, and cost-effective solutions that support our current operations and future growth.
In
Winnenden (Stuttgart Area)
we are currently looking for a
Solution Architect (m/f/d) – Logistics
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése