Cég neve
Ruhr-Universität Bochum
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PYTHON
.HTML.
MACHINE LEARNING
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
PYTHON
.HTML.
MACHINE
LEARNING
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Development of computational linguistic methods for the recognition and interpretation of (multimodal) metaphors
Exploring the use of deep learning and LLMs for metaphor analysis
Creation of annotated corpora and datasets
Collaboration in an interdisciplinary team
Preparing research results for publication in leading venues (conferences and journals)
Requirements
Excellent Master's degree in computational linguistics or a related subject
Knowledge of and/or practical experience with natural language processing (NLP), including machine learning methods (statistical methods, deep learning, LLMs)
Solid programming skills (e.g., Python)
Excellent language skills in English; German skills preferred
Strong interest in figurative language
Experience in the field of corpus linguistics and/or analysis of social media data
Willingness to participate in interdisciplinary research
What we offer
Scope:
part-time
Duration:
fixed-term, 42 months
Start:
by July 01, 2026
We offer:
An interdisciplinary resesearch environment including colleagues from computational linguistics, digital humanities, and religious studies
The opportunity to pursue a Ph.D. in a structured graduate program with strong support
Flexible working conditions
Professional development, mentoring, and training
The opportunity to join one of the largest universities in Germany, embedded in the University Alliance Ruhr
Further information:
The position is salaried and based on the collective agreement of the Länder (TV-L).If the personal and collective agreement requirements are met, the employee will receive pay grade E13 TV-L.
Further information can be found at
(in German).
The place of work is Ruhr University Bochum.
If the position is funded by third-party funds the employee has no teaching obligation.
RUB sees itself as a university with an international presence. The campus languages are German and English. Competence in at least one of the two languages and the willingness to learn the other are a prerequisite. RUB provides corresponding free courses for employees.
German language courses are offered by the University Language Center (ZFA) in the field of German as a Foreign Language (DaF).
The Staff Council has the right to participate in all selection interviews. At the request of a candidate (m/f/x), it will ensure its participation in the entire procedure.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum stands for diversity and equal opportunities. For this reason, we favour a working environment composed of heterogeneous teams, and seek to promote the careers of individuals who are underrepresented in our respective professional areas. The Ruhr-Universität Bochum expressly requests job applications from women. In areas in which they are underrepresented they will be given preference in the case of equivalent qualifications with male candidates. Applications from individuals with disabilities are most welcome.
Company info
In order to fill a fixed-term position in part-time (29.87 hours/week = 75%) by July 01, 2026, we are looking for one
Researcher (75%, m/f/x) - Computational Linguistics
The research cluster CRC 1475 'Metaphors of Religion' combines computational and corpus-based linguistic methods with philology and religious studies to study the role of metaphors in religious communication. Further details can be found at
Subject to a pending funding commitment from the German Research Foundation (DFG) expected in mid-May 2026, the CRC 1475 is seeking to fill a position as a researcher in subproject C04 'Metaphor and social positioning in religious online forums. Local, non-local, and cross-modal metaphor interpretation'. The subproject combines religious studies and computational linguistics under the direction of Prof. Dr. Tatjana Scheffler and Prof. Dr. Frederik Elwert. One focus of our subproject is developing computational methods for the analysis of metaphors in contemporary, colloquial communication of religious lay people in online forums. On the computational side, we will work on interpreting religious metaphors automatically, including aspects such as intertextuality as well as different modalities.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum is one of Germany's leading research universities, addressing the whole range of academic disciplines. A highly dynamic setting enables researchers and students to work across the traditional boundaries of academic subjects and faculties. To create knowledge networks within and beyond the university is Ruhr-Universität Bochum's declared aim.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése