Cég neve
Bosch Gruppe
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As an process expert, you are responsible for cross-application consulting and the implementation of FI (Finance) and CO (Controlling) template processes. You will take over the support of adjacent process areas (quality, development, production, logistics, investments as well as the RB (Robert Bosch) central areas).
As a competent contact person, you support the HC legal entities in the system relocation from our SAP R3 systems to the new S4/HANA systems, including the connection to the systems of the corporate headquarter.
You define the process and solution design for the requirement, derivate and document the appropriate implementation as well as lead the worldwide roll-out in the respective HC (Home Comfort) companies.
In addition, you will take over support tasks as well as the support and training of key users in our worldwide locations.
You operate confidently in an international project environment, play a major role in higher-level IT projects and their implementation (e.g., SAP/R3, S4/HANA) and professionally support your internal customers. In addition, you will be in regular exchange with other process areas within HC as well as with the central finance and controlling functions of the RB headquarters and other trading divisions.
Last but not least, you actively support the transformation in the area of finance and controlling through your person.
Requirements
Education:
completed (specialist) university degree in Business Administration, Process Management, Business Information Systems or comparable
Experience and Knowledge:
extended process know-how in the area of controlling, consulting and - application knowledge in the area of SAP ERP/R3 and S4/Hana for the FI-, Co-modules as well as optimally in adjacent process areas, experience in the recording of process requirements and process chains, many years of experience in the application of project management methods (PEP and agile) as well as in project implementations, very good moderation, communication and documentation skills
Personality and Working Practice:
your strength lies above all in your ability to communicate with others; you act confidently and can be deployed flexibly; thanks to your analytical way of working and strategic way of thinking, it is easy for you to maintain an overview even in ramp-up phases
Work Routine:
you are willing to travel and can work hybrid with us - we meet in the office approx. twice a week
Enthusiasm:
enjoy new challenges
Languages:
very good in German and English, both written and spoken
What we offer
Work-life balance
: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport
: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare
: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts
: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity
: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services
: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Company info
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The
Bosch Thermotechnik GmbH
is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Wetzlar
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Finance,
Accounting
Analyst,
Advisor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése