Cég neve
EML Speech Technology GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
C++
GIT
MAVEN
JENKINS
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
C++
GIT
MAVEN
JENKINS
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
You will help to improve our existing NLP & ASR Tools and Application
You will develop NLP tools using cutting edge technologies for internal and partner use
You will make use of your creative problem-solving abilities
You will engage in the continuous improvement of the way we work
Requirements
Degree in computer science, computational linguistics, mathematics or related disciplines
Hands-on experience in the development and evaluation of state-of-the-art speech recognition and understanding systems
Experience with transformer based LLM architectures
Applied experience in the development of state-of-the-art technologies and excellent knowledge of the C++ programming language
Proven experience with development tools like Git, Maven or Jenkins
You are proficient in spoken and written English
What we offer
Top benefits:
Enjoy loads of advantages, like a generous company pension scheme, free supplementary health insurance, at least 30 days of holiday, internal training courses and health seminars.
Mobility:
Subsidy of at least 50% towards the Deutschlandticket of the DB and the option of a job bike lease. Both options can be used for commuting to work and for private use.
Team atmosphere:
Become part of one of our alfa-teams, which will support you from the outset and accompany you in your personal and professional development.
A future with vision:
With our internal training programmes, you will always be well equipped. Work with the latest technologies, especially in the field of artificial intelligence and always be prepared for the future!
Celebrate together:
Join us when we invite you and your alfa-team to the company headquarters for the annual reception to celebrate our shared successes!
Company info
We are looking for a highly motivated C++ Software Developer (f/m/d) to join our EML Speech Technology development team (full-time, 100% remote).
The company:
alfaview gmbh is a part of the alfa group. As a pioneer in the development of GDPR-compliant video conferencing systems, we are continuously working to improve digital communication. Together with our partners
EML
and
Semanux
, we are actively contributing to accessible communication and digital sovereignty in Europe. We place great value on working in a future-orientated and cross-departmental manner and achieving goals together in our international team.
With EML Speech Technology GmbH, we are bundling our knowledge and expertise in intelligent speech recognition and recording. We are developing technologies based on the latest methods and algorithms in the field of artificial intelligence and machine learning.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése