Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY
CLOUD
PYTHON
AZURE
AWS
TESTING
SAP
POWERSHELL.
@SAP.
SIEM
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY
CLOUD
PYTHON
AZURE
AWS
TESTING
SAP
POWERSHELL.
@SAP.
SIEM
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What You'll Do:
We are seeking a skilled Cyber Detection Engineer to join our team and work on cutting-edge cloud and container security projects. This role offers the opportunity to develop and implement strategies to detect anomalous or malicious behavior in Public Cloud environments such as AWS, Azure, and GCP, as well as Container platforms like Kubernetes, EKS, AKS, and GKE. You will be at the forefront of cybersecurity, creating effective Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) detection logic and analyzing security alerts to enhance detection capabilities. You will collaborate with Security Architecture teams and utilize threat intelligence to align detection strategies to identify the most concerning threat vectors. This position provides a unique chance to integrate detection strategies across various business lines and security teams, ensuring robust protection for cloud and container environments.
The Role:
As a Cyber Detection Engineer, you will be responsible for developing and implementing strategies to identify and mitigate security threats in Public Cloud and Container environments. You will create SIEM detection logic based on vendor alerts and system logging and will analyze security alerts to optimize detection content. You will also collaborate with Security Architecture teams and lines of business to understand and secure cloud and container landscapes. Your role will involve utilizing threat intelligence to align detection strategies with probable threat vectors. Documentation of processes and detection strategies will be a key aspect of your responsibilities.
Requirements
Technical Knowledge: Experience in cloud or container security architecture, focusing on developing detection logic in SIEM and native platforms.
Programming Skills: Proficiency in Python and PowerShell.
Incident Response: Background in incident response, penetration testing, or cyber threat hunting.
Threat Intelligence: Familiarity with frameworks like MITRE ATT&CK.
Communication: Strong written and verbal skills to convey technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Preferred qualifications include certifications such as CKA, AWS Certified Security - Specialty, Azure Security Engineer Associate, or Google Professional Cloud Security Engineer.
Experience with detection-as-code platforms is a plus.
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
We win with
SAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 448296 | Work Area: Information Technology | Expected Travel: 0 - 10% | Career Status: Professional | Employment Type: Regular Full Time | #LI-
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
Network
and System Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése