Cég neve
Ruhr-Universität Bochum
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
■ Conduct experimental work in a team of researchers. ■ Modify existing test rigs and conduct measurements. ■ Implement and develop models and features within a multi-phase numerical simulation tool. ■ Perform CFD simulations of metal-fuel processes. ■ Post-process and analyze data.
Requirements
■ The ideal candidate holds a Master in Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Environmental technology or Chemistry and has a sound knowledge in Python programming, fluid mechanics, numerical methods and chemical reactions. ■ Proven experience in programming, Computational Fluid Dynamics simulations and/or simulation of reacting/particle-laden flows (Ansys Fluent or OpenFOAM) is an advantage. ■ Previous experience in experimental investigations is also desired. ■ Proficient knowledge of the English language is necessary.
What we offer
Scope:
full-time
Duration:
fixed-term, 3 Jahre
Start:
October 01, 2026
We offer:
Challenging and varied tasks with a high level of independence
Employment at one of the largest universities in Germany within the University Alliance Ruhr
A qualified on-boarding and induction process
Collaboration in a committed and appreciative team
Further information:
The position is salaried and based on the collective agreement of the Länder (TV-L).If the personal and collective agreement requirements are met, the employee will receive pay grade E13 TV-L.
Further information can be found at
(in German).
The place of work is Ruhr University Bochum.
If the position is funded by third-party funds the employee has no teaching obligation.
RUB sees itself as a university with an international presence. The campus languages are German and English. Competence in at least one of the two languages and the willingness to learn the other are a prerequisite. RUB provides corresponding free courses for employees.
German language courses are offered by the University Language Center (ZFA) in the field of German as a Foreign Language (DaF).
The Staff Council has the right to participate in all selection interviews. At the request of a candidate (m/f/x), it will ensure its participation in the entire procedure.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum stands for diversity and equal opportunities. For this reason, we favour a working environment composed of heterogeneous teams, and seek to promote the careers of individuals who are underrepresented in our respective professional areas. The Ruhr-Universität Bochum expressly requests job applications from women. In areas in which they are underrepresented they will be given preference in the case of equivalent qualifications with male candidates. Applications from individuals with disabilities are most welcome.
Company info
In order to fill a fixed-term position in full-time (39.83 hours/week = 100%) October 01, 2026, we are looking for 1
PhD (m/f/x) for 3 years with 39,83 hours per week, TV-L E13
The Chair of Energy Plant Technology in the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering at the Ruhr University Bochum (LEAT) is among the leading research groups in Germany in the field of high-temperature processes for energy conversion systems. The project involves both experimental and numerical work.
Experimental and simulation work in a European research project.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum is one of Germany's leading research universities, addressing the whole range of academic disciplines. A highly dynamic setting enables researchers and students to work across the traditional boundaries of academic subjects and faculties. To create knowledge networks within and beyond the university is Ruhr-Universität Bochum's declared aim.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Engineer
Mechatronics
Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése