Cég neve
Cognex Germany Inc.
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
HARDWARE
C
C++
PYTHON
LINUX
TEST AUTOMATION
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
HARDWARE
C
C++
PYTHON
LINUX
TEST
AUTOMATION
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Bring-up of new hardware in close cooperation with our electrical teams, providing robust interfaces for our high-level application teams
Create drivers for new boards, components and sensors (e.g. optical & lightning)
Evaluate new hardware based on EVK and development kits
Debug and troubleshoot in a hardware and software environment on heterogeneous multi-core systems
Ensure a robust and high-quality product by developing test automation
Support and communicate with other internal teams using our software
Occasional travel to the USA or Hungary
Requirements
Our ideal candidate is a pragmatic software professional with a can-do attitude who shares the enthusiasm for learning and applying any new development that helps to keep our software platform state of the art. You will be involved in the design and bringup of our next generation of machine vision devices, so strong system engineering skills are required. Here's a list of some of the things we pay attention to in our hiring process:
Master degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or a related field
8+ years of work experience with embedded software development
Experience in C/C++ and Python
Work experience in embedded Linux
Work experience in the Linux kernel, bootloaders and Linux distribution development
Work experience desired in Yocto desired
System engineering skills to understand, translate and implement product requirements
Understanding of electrical schematics and the boundary layer between EE and SW
High energy and motivated learner with strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Good presentation, communication, organizational and interpersonal skills
Verbal and written fluency in English required
What we offer
Work as part of one of the most successful companies in the industry!
Join a warm, informal and personable culture with monthly events and quarterly activities to strengthen the team.
We have an on-site gym for all our employees, a community of active runners, and other sport activities.
Join your colleagues in regular social outings as a team.
Company info
Ready for the job that challenges and encourages you to get the best out of yourself? Do you feel at home in a highly innovative R&D environment? Then join our team at Cognex!
Cognex
is a global leader in the exciting and growing field of machine vision, with 2000 employees in offices worldwide. Our employees, proudly called “Cognoids”, are passionate about solving the most difficult vision problems and get to work with others who take their work seriously, but don't take themselves seriously. Our
Work Hard, Play Hard, Move Fast
culture recognizes achievement and dedication with unique rewards and celebrations.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése