Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
API
LINUX
AWS
AZURE
SAP
@SAP.
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
API
LINUX
AWS
AZURE
SAP
@SAP.
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Use your Kubernetes and Go expertise to contribute to Gardener's core components – the foundational building blocks that enable Gardener to manage thousands of Kubernetes clusters across various cloud providers.
Make the deployment and operational procedures for Gardener installations/landscapes (e.g. update management) as easy and smooth as possible for landscape operators.
Explore new fields for Gardener to deploy Kubernetes clusters – such as edge environments or bare-metal datacenter setups – and address the associated challenges.
Contribute by developing and maintaining Kubernetes controller code that Gardener is composed of, defining and aligning technical concepts for new feature and capabilities, providing code reviews – all within the context of the open-source Gardener project.
Become overtime a Gardener maintainer and fulfill all related tasks and challenges.
Collaborate with stakeholders and other teams and translate their needs into scalable and maintainable solutions.
Continuously learn and apply new technologies in the sector to stay up to date.
Requirements
Very good understanding of Kubernetes, cloud and container technologies.
Proven hands-on software engineering experience with Go.
Strong experience with Kubernetes extensions concepts like CRDs, operator patterns, dynamic admission control, aggregation/extension api-servers etc.
Familiarity with Linux systems and command line interfaces.
Experiences with multiple private and public cloud providers like AWS, Azure, GCP or Openstack are beneficial.
At least 5 years of professional experience in a related field.
A degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field, or equivalent work experience.
Good communication skills in English, both written and verbal.
We value your familiarity with the technology stack, but even more, we appreciate your talent for understanding complex problems and driving solutions. Your expertise will be essential in fostering effective communication and ensuring that each project advances in line with our strategic goals.
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
We are a team of builders, innovators, and collaborators. Our culture is rooted in openness and trust. We believe the best ideas come from diverse perspectives, and we create space for every voice to be heard.
We thrive on curiosity and continuous learning. This is a place where you can make an impact that matters. Your work will influence not only SAP but also Europe's digital future. We support each other, we push boundaries together, and we never stop exploring what's next.
We are extremely proud of what we have built, and we would like you to be part of this journey. We build not only a few projects; we are the backbone of SAP's cloud-native infrastructure and a leading open-source solution trusted across industries. This is growth, not replacement. If you know someone who also wants to be part of this journey, explore #oracareers and join together.
#SAPEUAICloudCareers, #SAPORACareers
We win with inclusionSAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 444927 | Work Area: Software-Design und Entwicklung | Expected Travel: 0 - 10% | Career Status: Berufserfahren | Employment Type: Part-Time, or Vollzeit, unbefristet
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
What you bring:
Summary:
We're not just offering a job, we're inviting you to shape the future of cloud-native infrastructure at SAP and in all of Europe. The Gardener project powers SAP's global landscape as the Kubernetes management solution and is trusted as the foundation for countless enterprise workloads at SAP and outside. We have committed to open source by donating Gardener into a neutral foundation.
This is growth, not replacement. We're not just offering a job, we're inviting you to shape the future of cloud-native infrastructure at SAP and in all of Europe. We have committed to open source by donating our projects into the neutral NeoNephos foundation. Make your mark, invite others, and discover #SAPEUAICloudCareers. Let's build what's next together.
Our Core team is contributing to Gardener by providing and maintaining the fundamental building blocks of Gardener – enabling the management of thousands of Kubernetes clusters across different private and public cloud environments. Our team is focusing on Go and leveraging the Kubernetes operator patterns for development. If you are interested in cloud-native technologies and development, then this is the place to be for you.
We're building Apeiro, an open-source reference architecture that strengthens Europe's digital sovereignty. This initiative is part of a broader movement to ensure security, sustainability, and compliance for cloud-to-edge computing. By joining us, you'll contribute to a project that's not just technical, it's strategic for Europe's future.
Meet your team:
Bring out your bestSAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése