Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
ANALYTICS
SAP
SECURITY
@SAP.
DATA MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
ANALYTICS
SAP
SECURITY
@SAP.
DATA
MANAGEMENT
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What you'll build
Within Premium Hub Center of Expertise (CoE) you are working on:
Holistic support for SAP implementation, digital transformation and cloud transition projects
Creation of business process design, architecture, scalability, security, and operations concepts for SAP solutions
Knowledge transfer as part of training and project support from customers and partners
Analyse critical customer situations including performance, scalability, custom-code and implementation design
Requirements
Preferable a Master-Degree in natural sciences, economics, or engineering sciences, e.g. computer science, business informatics, industrial engineering, mathematics, physics
Customer orientation with a strong focus on quality
Very good analytical and logical skills for solving complex problems; a structured, reliable, and independent way of working, especially in fast-changing IT landscapes and innovative technologies at our customers.
Good programming skills and experience in at least one programming language
Very good German and English language skills, both spoken and written, for communication in constructive and open style within team and customer-facing environments
Certification as SAP Certified Associate - Data Engineer - SAP BW/4HANA
Knowledge and practical experience in products such as SAP Business Warehouse (BW), SAP Analytics Cloud (SAC), SAP Datasphere (DSP), SAP Business Data Cloud (BDC) and SAP Business Technology Platform (BTP).
Work experience of 5+ year with SAP applications in analytics and data management in the field of Consulting, Product Management, Development or Pre-Sales & Prototyping.
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
Where you belong
#DA26
We win with
SAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 441732 | Work Area: Consulting and Professional Services | Expected Travel: 0 - 50% | Career Status: Berufserfahren | Employment Type: Vollzeit, unbefristet | Additional Locations: #LI-
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
We are looking for new employees (m/w/d) for the SAP Premium Hub - Center of Expertise (CoE) who work with us to shape the constant technical progress and the digital transformation of the largest SAP customers in the area of Analytics & Data Management.
In the CoE, we help our customers implement SAP software and ensure that they can successfully plan, implement, integrate, and operate their software, including quality management, problem resolution, and knowledge transfer.
Within SAP service you can grow your career, no matter if your preference is on technical- or functional side of Analytics & Data Management. Within our team of business process consultants, we deal with both topics and this with tools and technologies around the SAP Data Warehouse (BW/4), SAP Datasphere, Extraction-, Transformation-, and Loading (ETL) technologies such as SAP Data Service or SAP Data Intelligence. Aside the technical foundation with the products and tools from above we also deal with Content and Business Content in Analytics incl. the topics of Sustainability-Reporting, Group Reporting inside analytics solutions and help our customers to build in and use Business AI wherever possible in the context of Data Management and Analytics to make their business run better and with state-of-the-art technologies.
You will work in a highly motivated and international team consisting of both young and experienced colleagues. Our team primarily focuses on a 360-degree assessment our customers' SAP solutions: This includes functional and technical design including integration of different solutions, performance of critical processes, assessment of implementation and upgrade plans, and monitoring during testing and Go Live.
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése