Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
ANALYTICS
CLOUD
@SAP.
CHANGE MANAGEMENT
AWS
AZURE.
APACHE
Elvárások
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
ANALYTICS
CLOUD
@SAP.
CHANGE
MANAGEMENT
AWS
AZURE.
APACHE
Német
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What you'll build:
As a Principal Consultant (f/m/d), Business Data Strategy & Advisory, you'll lead customer engagements to bring SAP's transformative frameworks for Business data to life at SAP's customers. Reporting to the General Manager (f/m/d) of Data & AI Adoption, your role will focus on thought leadership, fostering collaboration, and achieving customer success.
Key responsibilities:
Develop innovative business data and analytics concepts, strategies, and solutions for our industrial clients in both national and international contexts
Advise on the implementation and optimization of reporting and planning solutions with SAP Business Data Cloud from requirements analysis and technical design to implementation
Transform and modernize existing reporting and planning systems and integrate Business AI with the needed high quality data
Take on program and project responsibility and support in presales activities
Deepen and expand customer relationships through competent consulting and solution-oriented approaches
This role provides a unique opportunity to shape SAP's global architecture strategy. You will:
Impact SAP's Future: Lead transformative projects that define SAP's strategy and drive customer success
Collaborate with Industry Leaders: Work alongside global teams, SAP executives, and strategic customers on high-value transformations
Requirements
What you bring:
Strategic Visionary and Trusted Advisor (f/m/d): Deep expertise in Data & Analytics and data platform architectures, concepts and business impacts, with a strategic view that aligns with SAP's vision and cloud methodologies like RISE or Clean Core. Proven ability to align technology and business strategies for impactful customer outcomes
Experienced data & analytics transformation Leader (f/m/d): 10+ years of experience in Data & Analytics architecture and business transformation, with a track record of inspiring customers, driving collaboration, and delivering high-impact solutions. Proven track record of delivering large scale data & analytics programs / projects in the SAP environment
Customer-centric and Change-Oriented: Strong focus on customer success and extensive experience leading large-scale transformations. Skilled in change management to ensure digital adoption and measurable value for clients
Must-Have Requirements:
SAP data and analytics expertise: In-depth knowledge of SAP's Data & AI portfolio (SAP Business Data Cloud, SAP Datasphere, SAP Analytics Cloud, SAP BW) and the correlation with SAP Business AI, SAP RISE including Clean Core principles and SAP BTP.
Experience working with leading third-party data platforms such as Databricks and Snowflake, alongside hyperscaler ecosystems including Google Cloud Platform, AWS, and Microsoft Azure.
Deep technical expertise in integration architectures across hybrid SAP and non-SAP environments, with strong knowledge of Data Mesh and Data Fabric approaches, Big Data and Data Lake technologies, and OpenSource technologies, including the Apache ecosystem.
Data architecture change management: General knowledge about hybrid data & AI architectures, with proven success in guiding impactful transformations and leading change management initiatives to support adoption.
Strategic relationship building: Strong networking skills within SAP and externally, with the ability to build trusted relationships with leaders, including CIOs and CTOs
Ecosystem: Strong ecosystem engagement across the SAP Data and Analytics landscape including Development, Sales, and Enterprise Architecture as well as with external partners, hyperscalers, and third-party vendors to foster innovation, scale capabilities, drive customer impact, and maintain trusted feedback loops to inform the evolution of SAP products and concepts.
Cross industry expertise and exposure: cross industry expertise with a deep knowledge in at least one industry to build relevant Use Cases for Business data platforms
English language skills required and German preferred
Nice-to-Have Requirements:
Innovation & AI expertise: Experience integrating AI and emerging technologies to drive transformation goals and enhance customer adoption
S/4HANA & business transformation expertise: S/4HANA and business transformation knowledge to identify optimization & innovation potentials in customer engagements
Industry certifications: Relevant certifications, such as SAP Certified Architect or others, with recognition as a thought leader in enterprise architecture
Advanced change management skills: Expertise in advanced change management practices, with a history of driving engagement and complex organizational change
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
Career Growth Opportunities: Enjoy a clear path to advancement with opportunities for specialization or leadership within SAP's ecosystem
Inclusive Work Environment: Experience a flexible environment fostering continuous learning, professional development, and innovation
#DA26
We win with
SAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 449860 | Work Area: Consulting and Professional Services | Expected Travel: 0 - 50% | Career Status: Berufserfahren | Employment Type: Vollzeit, unbefristet | Additional Locations: #LI-
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
Where you belong:
The SAP Data and AI Adoption Team is dedicated to driving customer adoption success and accelerating measurable business outcomes. We bring SAP's most innovative data and AI frameworks and solutions to life by enabling customers to fully realize the value of their data through SAP Business Data Cloud and the broader Data and AI portfolio. By fostering collaboration, innovation, and a strong customer-centric mindset, we ensure that strategy turns into sustained adoption, tangible impact, and long-term value realization.
Bring out your
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése