Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
NETWORK
C++
PYTHON
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
NETWORK
C++
PYTHON
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
With us, you have the opportunity to perfectly combine your studies with practical experience while actively contributing to exciting projects. This allows you to gain valuable skills, expand your network, and grow both professionally and personally.
We are seeking motivated students to join our research & development team focused on realtime physics simulations for soft-tissue modeling. Working alongside scientists and research engineers, you will spend at least three months (preferably six months) on applied research and prototyping—developing and extending realtime, interactive soft‑body simulation systems used in the medical domain.
​​What We Offer
Hands-on experience building foundations for realtime simulation systems
The chance to learn, implement and extend state-of-the-art simulation methods (XPBD, advanced constraint solvers, hybrid models)
Mentorship from PhD-level researchers
A modern working environment with hybrid work options and flexible hours
A supportive, interdisciplinary team with career paths in research engineering and product development
The option to write a master thesis following an internship or working student position
Requirements
Enrolled in a Master's program in Computer Science, Physics, Computer Graphics, Visual Computing, Applied Mathematics, or a related field
Strong programming skills in C++ and Python
Solid understanding of geometry processing, mesh data structures and numerical methods for simulation
Good communication skills in English; German is a plus
Self-driven, curious and collaborative with a willingness to tackle challenging research-to-product problems.
What makes you stand out (Nice to have):
Prior experience with Vulkan (compute or graphics) or other low-level GPU APIs
Experience with Slang or other modern shading languages and writing GPU shaders
Knowledge of Taichi (the Taichi programming language) for differentiable / high-performance simulation prototyping
Experience with rendering pipelines and realtime visual feedback
Prior projects or coursework in soft-body simulation, surgical simulation, or biomechanical modeling
Familiarity with Blender
Sounds exciting? Then become part of #teamZEISS and help us shape the future! Please provide your complete application documents (CV, transcript of records, etc.).
Company info
As a student, you work with your colleagues on an equal footing and create ideal conditions for your future career.
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése