Cég neve
VP Bank AG
Munkavégzés helye
Landstrasse 15, 9495 Triesen, Liechtenstein
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
BI
ANALYTICS
DATABASE
SQL
POSTGRESQL
DATABASES
TABLEAU
EXCEL
POWER BI
Elvárások
Angol középfok
Pályakezdő/friss diplomás
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
BI
ANALYTICS
DATABASE
SQL
POSTGRESQL
DATABASES
TABLEAU
EXCEL
POWER
BI
Angol
középfok
Pályakezdő/friss
diplomás
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Internship Data Base Engineering (3 to 6 months) (m/w/d)
Are you curious and eager to seize new opportunities? Do you go the extra mile and have an open, communicative personality with a strong customer and solution orientation? Then let's exceed our customers' expectations together and continue the success story of VP Bank. With us, you'll find space for bold ideas and the opportunity to actively shape the future.
Internship Data Base Engineering (3 to 6 months) (m/w/d)
Your Challenge
Support the BI team in designing, maintaining, and optimizing data systems that enable high-quality analytics and reporting
Contribute to ETL/ELT pipelines using to transport and transform data from multiple sources
Assist in database modeling & optimization (schemas, tables, performance tuning, integrity)
Develop and maintain SQL queries and stored procedures for extraction, quality checks, and reporting
Conduct data quality assessments and help resolve inconsistencies, missing values, and integrity issues
Support documentation and data cataloging, including data dictionaries and process descriptions
Assist in the procurement and integration of new data sources
Collaborate with front- and back-office teams and support BI with ad-hoc requests
Your Profile
Bachelor's or Master's student in computer science, data engineering, data science, or a related quantitative field - or equivalent practical experience (e.g., apprenticeship)
Excellent written and spoken English skills
Basic understanding of data modeling concepts, such as star/snowflake schemas, normalization, and relational database design
Familiarity with 3 and PostgreSQL (experience with other major relational databases is welcome; Excel, Tableau, and Power BI are a plus)
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to investigate data issues, identify root causes, and propose solutions
Industry experience or basic understanding of banking is a plus
We currently only accept direct applications and therefore ask recruitment consultancies to refrain from making enquiries.
Your contact person
Throughout your application process, you will be accompanied by
Filiz Frommelt
Young Talents Specialist
Your benefits
Our employees are our pride and joy. VP Bank considers it important to give something back and to contribute to the well-being of each and every individual. We strive to do this every day. VP Bank employees enjoy respectful and fair treatment and also receive a wide range of benefits. You can find out more about our benefits here:
Your new working environment
Founded in Liechtenstein in 1956, VP Bank has grown from a small family bank to the third largest bank in Liechtenstein and an internationally active company. With about 1,000 employees, we have the expertise and flexibility to offer our clients first-class solutions with a personal touch. jid4a99766pn jit0312pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Abroad
Álláshirdetés jelentése