Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a Chief Expert Enterprise Architect (f/m/d), you guide customers digital transformations using cutting-edge SAP technologies, advancing the RISE with SAP initiative, promoting Clean Core principles, and accelerating SAPs innovation and AI adoption.
You will utilize internal and external available customer specific information to develop a comprehensive reference Enterprise Architecture – RISE Model for our customers aligning with their business objectives. In your role you work with a variety of experts in a multi-disciplinary of highly motivated and experienced colleagues. You increase the customer's value by driving activities such as:
Developing reference architecture and transformation plans promoting SAP best practices and references
Provide architecture guidance using RISE with SAP methodology and Clean Core principles to ensure that every customer yields value from SAP‘s standard cloud qualities
Identify innovation use cases (AI, BDC, CAIA, CIS) that benefit our customers strategic and operational objectives
Applying and advising the integrated toolchain (ITC / BTM) to drive transformation efficiency
Advising customer management on architecture and transformation activities
Identifying and mitigating technical adoption risks
Aligning customers and partners with SAP's Clean Core strategy accelerating BTP adoption
Requirements
YOUR PROFILE
We are looking for highly dynamic and entrepreneur minded colleagues from a multi-national environment who can effectively drive and guide transformations, understand organizational change relevance and know how to realize innovation value.
What you will bring:
Bachelor or Master's degree in Business Administration, Informatics or any comparable education
14+ yrs years of practical experience from a multi-national environment advising management and work as enterprise architect and/or transformation advisor
Proven experience delivering enterprise business transformation aligning stakeholder priorities with system architectures and roadmaps (tool based)
Experience delivering at least one full end-to-end SAP implementation in a responsible role from process design to after GoLive, ideally incl. support and optimization
S/4HANA technical and/or SAP S/4HANA application/functional knowledge/experience
Professional training and certification (e.g., SAP Enterprise Architecture Framework featured by LeanIX EAM, SAP Certified Professional-Enterprise Architect [P_SAPEA_2023], TOGAF) as a plus
Solid knowledge of SAP's strategy, the latest product portfolio and their impact on business
Strong customer focus and ability to build and maintain customer relationships
Excellent communication and negotiation skills (in English and German) also regarding senior management and C-levels, both within an IT team and across business functions
Mindset for strategic thinking, continuous learning and business acumen.
Solid understanding of project management methodologies and tools
Flexibility and ability to quickly adapt in a new environment, where you can grow fast
Excellent English and German language skills
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
Other SAP locations in Germany, such as Walldorf (near Heidelberg), Hamburg, Berlin, Ratingen (near Düsseldorf), Eschborn (near Frankfurt), Gerlingen (near Stuttgart), Garching (near Munich), etc., are possible.
We win with inclusionSAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, et al), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or disability, in compliance with applicable federal, state, and local legal requirements.
Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 447184 | Work Area: Consulting and Professional Services | Expected Travel: 0 - 60% | Career Status: Berufserfahren | Employment Type: Vollzeit, unbefristet | Additional Locations: #LI-Hybrid
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
ABOUT THE TEAM
Enterprise Architecture is the management and architecture unit within SAP Customer Services & Delivery board area, assisting customers to benefit from technology and digitalization in their businesses to become market leaders. We are committed to ideate business innovations, develop solutions and to turn novel ideas into business results. Our mission is to enhance technical implementations to business transformations with sustainable impact.
Join our dynamic regional SAP Enterprise Architects teams within CS&D, executing on our mission to simplify and modernize IT landscapes, reducing complexity and operational costs, while fostering innovations to support evolving business needs for RISE customers.
If the words “innovation”, “agility”, and “personal responsibility” in a multi-disciplinary and international environment appeal to you, then EA is the right place for you!
Bring out your bestSAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Corporate
Leadership, Management
Head
of IT
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése