Cég neve
Cognizant
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Alkalmazotti
jogviszony
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
About us
About Cognizant: Cognizant is a global leader in technology and consulting services, dedicated to helping businesses transform and innovate. We are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace where every employee can thrive.
About Cognizant Intelligent Process Automation
To be digital, companies today must have organizational velocity approaching speed of light while providing individualized offerings that result in fanatical levels of customer satisfaction and experience —all with laser-focused cost control.
Intelligent Process Automation (IPA) is one of the most important digital levers enabling digital transformation for organizations globally. IPA includes combining the latest technologies such as RPA, IOCR, ML, Process Mining, Generative AI, and Analytics with process excellence and design thinking to support our 100+ clients across the CE +UK.
According to the market analysts, Cognizant is the top Leader in providing Intelligent Process Automation services based on our end-to-end range of capabilities and offerings. From re-imagining business processes with the latest technologies in mind all the way through implementing new operational models that drive improved customer and employee experiences, our consultants orchestrate all these capabilities to truly change the game.
Location: Budapest, Hungary
Job Type: Full time
Working model: Hybrid
Responsibilities:
As a Digital Solution Consultant, you will support the growth of Cognizant’s Intuitive Operations & Automation business across a wide portfolio of industries. In this role, you will take the lead in helping our clients to assess, design, and deliver Intelligent Process Automation / Digital Business Transformation programs on a scale.
Delivering client engagements as part of a team or individually as a subject matter expert in Intelligent Process Automation and large-scale (digital) transformational change.
Engage with current and potential customers to evaluate and communicate Cognizant Intelligent Process Automation capabilities and their specific applicability to a given proposed project.
Support client engagements to drive excellence within their automation and process excellence programs.
Work with clients to scale intelligent automation programs across the enterprise.
Support a client in the initial operating model set-up and provide ongoing support to continually elevate the program to achieve scale and optimal benefits.
Mentor onshore - and offshore teams in Intelligent Process Automation practices and help them to succeed based on consulting capabilities.
Disseminate best practices in a structured, repeatable way.
Assist leadership and other advisors in crafting our offerings and implementation systems.
Build, assess and improve customer Intelligent Process Automation Centers of Excellence.
Help establish best practices.
Provide thought leadership through mindshare and social advocacy activities together with our partners/ market analysts, i.e., publications, webinars, etc.
Support the management and growth of our Intelligent Process Automation Consulting practice.
Your profile:
You have experience in a relevant technical role such as senior developer; solution architect and you technically understand the larger IT - & Digital landscape.
You have a natural appetite for continuous discovery and improvement and at the same time deliver impactful client engagements.
As an experienced consultant with a proven track record, working in a diverse team with different skillsets like strategists, designers, engineers, architects, and specialist, you thrive on delivering real outcomes from platform-enabled transformation initiatives.
Proven hands-on experience and knowledge within consulting, automation, digital experience, and enablement technologies.
Good project management experience, ability to manage a project through all stages of scaling (preferably in a role as external consultant).
Proven ability to develop client relationships and manage expectations with the ability to become a trusted advisor.
Highly aware of latest Intelligent Process Automation trends (RPA, BPA, Hyperautomation, ML, IOCR, Generative AI, Process Mining) and experience with implementing digital solutions and leading cloud platforms (e.g. SAP 4/Hana, SuccessFactors).
Strong knowledge of low-code solutions including the MS Power Platform (MS Power Automate, MS Power Apps, MS Power Pages), MS Copilot Studio.
Outstanding people and relationship skills; and ability to interact with different levels in a global multi-cultural organization.
Ability and willingness to be hands-on with clients to develop, create and implement processes, tools, and methodologies.
Demonstrable leadership capabilities and managing direct reports.
Effective presentation capability. Preferred executive-level presentation experience.
Ability to critically think through challenges to provide creative solutions.
Strong communication skills, written and verbal.
Real team player; supporting development of the practice and the growth of team members including peers.
We offer:
Collaborative and innovative work environment
Commitment to diversity and inclusion
Become part of a ‘flag ship’ success story - We will go through enormous growth!
An organization driven by technology – We have a tremendous technological backbone.
Open, ‘can do’ team spirit.
An environment where you can make your own ideas a reality.
Drive your career.
Market conforming benefits.
Equal Opportunity Employer: Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Budapest
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése