Cég neve
Adobe Systems Europe Limited
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ADOBE
CLOUD
JAVA
AWS
TESTING
GIT
@ADOBE.
SPRING
API
REST
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ADOBE
CLOUD
JAVA
AWS
TESTING
GIT
@ADOBE.
SPRING
API
REST
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
In this role, you'll gain meaningful industry experience while directly contributing to products that millions of customers depend on daily:
Contribute to building and maintaining robust Java microservices that power creative tools
Explore cloud technologies and dive into AWS infrastructure alongside experienced developers
Help ensure quality and reliability through testing and providing fresh perspectives on our solutions
Participate actively in team meetings where your ideas will build our approach
Develop technical and professional skills in an encouraging environment that celebrates growth
Requirements
Java and Spring Framework development
AWS cloud services and infrastructure
REST API build and implementation
Microservices architecture
Modern software development practices
Currently pursuing a degree in Computer Science or a related field with at least one year of studies remaining
Foundational programming knowledge in Java and a curiosity to learn more
Basic understanding of software engineering practices (e.g., git workflows, CI/CD)
Enthusiasm for technology and a growth mindset
Good communication skills in English (German preferred)
Ability to join us at our Hamburg office approximately 50% of the time
Desire to contribute to an inclusive environment where different perspectives are valued
What we offer
What makes this role special?
Let's Adobe together
At Adobe, we believe in creating a company culture where all employees are empowered to make an impact. Learn more about Adobe life, including our values and culture, focus on people, purpose and community, Adobe for All, comprehensive benefits programs, the stories we tell, the customers we serve, and how you can help us advance our mission of empowering everyone to create.
Adobe is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic. Learn more.
Adobe aims to make our Careers website and recruiting process accessible to any and all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, email
AI Use Guidelines for Interviews:
Our interviews are designed to reflect your own skills and thinking. The use of AI or recording tools during live interviews is not permitted unless explicitly invited by the interviewer or approved in advance as part of a reasonable accommodation. If these tools are used inappropriately or in a way that misrepresents your work, your application may not move forward in the process.
At Adobe, we empower employees to innovate with AI — and we look for candidates eager to do the same. As part of the hiring experience, we provide clear guidance on where AI is encouraged during the process and where it's restricted during live interviews. See how we think about AI in the hiring experience.
Company info
The Opportunity
We at Adobe Cloud Platform & Collaboration (ACPC) are excited to welcome a passionate working student to our team! Together, we're building the cloud platform that powers Adobe's creative products like Photoshop, InDesign, and Express used by millions of creators worldwide every day. We believe this is an outstanding opportunity for you to grow alongside us while gaining hands-on experience with innovative technologies such as:
You'll collaborate with our experienced engineers who are committed to mentoring you through real-world challenges. We'll partner you with a dedicated buddy who will help you discover the depth of the platform iteratively and show you how to make meaningful contributions. We're passionate about encouraging an inclusive environment where everyone's voice matters!
About Adobe
Adobe empowers everyone to create through innovative platforms and tools that unleash creativity, productivity and personalized customer experiences. Adobe's industry-leading offerings including Adobe Acrobat Studio, Adobe Express, Adobe Firefly, Creative Cloud, Adobe Experience Platform, Adobe Experience Manager, and GenStudio enable people and businesses to turn ideas into impact, powered by AI and driven by human ingenuity.
Our 30,000+ employees worldwide are creating the future and raising the bar as we drive the next decade of growth. We're on a mission to hire the very best and believe in creating a company culture where all employees are empowered to make an impact. At Adobe, we believe that great ideas can come from anywhere in the organization. The next big idea could be yours.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése