Cég neve
Ruhr-Universität Bochum
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY
WORD
.HTML.
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY
WORD
.HTML.
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Develop new tools and models for the design and analysis of practical cryptography in the post-quantum setting
Revisit the concrete security of real-word cryptographic protocols
Additional responsibilities include supporting the tasks in the Chair, e.g. the organisation of scientific conferences
Requirements
A completed M.Sc. degree in Computer Science or related fields with excellence grades
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills in English
Strong background in the area of cryptography
Knowledge in lattices, zero-knowledge proofs, and security reductions is a strong plus
What we offer
Scope:
full-time
Duration:
fixed-term, 3 years
Start:
at the earliest possible date
Apply by:
2026-03-23
We offer:
Employment at one of the largest universities in Germany within the University Alliance Ruhr
Collaboration in a committed and appreciative team
Options for flexible working (mobile working and teleworking)
Flexible working hours with consideration for study times
A job in the heart of the lively Ruhr metropolitan region with its diverse cultural offerings
Further information:
The position is salaried and based on the collective agreement of the Länder (TV-L).If the personal and collective agreement requirements are met, the employee will receive pay grade E13 TV-L.
Further information can be found at
(in German).
The place of work is Ruhr University Bochum.
If the position is funded by third-party funds the employee has no teaching obligation.
RUB sees itself as a university with an international presence. The campus languages are German and English. Competence in at least one of the two languages and the willingness to learn the other are a prerequisite. RUB provides corresponding free courses for employees.
German language courses are offered by the University Language Center (ZFA) in the field of German as a Foreign Language (DaF).
The Staff Council has the right to participate in all selection interviews. At the request of a candidate (m/f/x), it will ensure its participation in the entire procedure.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum stands for diversity and equal opportunities. For this reason, we favour a working environment composed of heterogeneous teams, and seek to promote the careers of individuals who are underrepresented in our respective professional areas. The Ruhr-Universität Bochum expressly requests job applications from women. In areas in which they are underrepresented they will be given preference in the case of equivalent qualifications with male candidates. Applications from individuals with disabilities are most welcome.
Company info
In order to fill a fixed-term position in full-time (39.83 hours/week = 100%) at the earliest possible date, we are looking for one
full-time PhD position ( m,f,x) for 3 years with 39,83 hours per week
The Faculty of Computer Science (
) unites all ongoing computer science activities at RUB in an interdisciplinary manner. The research and teaching area of IT security, in which our university has been a leader in Europe for over 20 years, plays a central role in the Faculty. This is also reflected in the Cluster of Excellence CASA (
), which is funded as part of the Federal Government's Excellence Initiative, in which over 100 researchers develop effective measures against cyberattacks. The Chair for Cryptography held by Prof. Dr. Eike Kiltz has an immediate full-time PhD position in the area of cryptography. The Chair offers various courses in the Bachelor's and Master's degree programs and participates in several third-party fundedprojects. This international and dynamic team also cooperates with several university and non-university institutions (e.g., the Max Planck Institute). The PhD project is devoted to the design and analysis of cryptographic protocols.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum is one of Germany's leading research universities, addressing the whole range of academic disciplines. A highly dynamic setting enables researchers and students to work across the traditional boundaries of academic subjects and faculties. To create knowledge networks within and beyond the university is Ruhr-Universität Bochum's declared aim.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése