Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
SAP
SECURITY
C++
NODE.JS
JAVA
DOCKER
AWS
AZURE
NETWORK
@SAP.
AGILE
JENKINS
DEBUGGING
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
SAP
SECURITY
C++
NODE.JS
JAVA
DOCKER
AWS
AZURE
NETWORK
@SAP.
AGILE
JENKINS
DEBUGGING
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What you'll do
We are looking for a (senior) cloud-native developer (f/m/d) to join our team: A committed, self-motivated, reliable, and analytically skilled team player, owning and shaping the future of key services in SAP Business Technology Platform.
You will work as a part of a highly motivated team located in Israel and apply agile development practices like pair programming, test-driven development, and continuous integration and delivery. That also means getting familiar with the newest technologies and open-source projects. As part of the delivery team, you will:
Research, design, and implement complex product features and functionalities for cutting-edge cloud technologies as part of SAP Business Technology Platform
Commit to project timelines and tasks, deliver on time, in scope, and with high, uncompromised quality
Lead backlog items and tasks while guiding other developers for best execution
Develop and enhance automation tests
Gain advanced overall product and technical knowledge to be able to share with others
Focus on end-to-end – from software requirement until delivery/deployment on cloud (including developer on duty 24/7 support shifts)
Proactively monitor and continuously measure, and improve the performance and security of our services
Requirements
University Degree in Computer Science or Software engineering with 4+ years of proven development experience in object-oriented programming languages (Proficiency in at least one of the following: Go, C++, Node.JS, Java)
Knowledge and experience in Cloud Native paradigms and container technologies (Docker, K8S)
Knowledge of CI/CD best practices, automation environments, and tools like Jenkins
Experience with debugging and monitoring distributed systems with tools such as Elastic Stack, Prometheus, Grafana, Dynatrace
Experience with cloud platforms: AWS, MS Azure, GCP
Fluent English language skills, both written and spoken, with excellent communication skills
Beneficial
Experience in computer networking concepts, and specifically with a massive scale of network traffic
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
We win with inclusionSAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 441646 | Work Area: Software-Design and Development | Expected Travel: 0 - 10% | Career Status: Professional | Employment Type: Regular Full Time | Additional Locations: #LI-Hybrid
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
Meet your team
In SAP Central Cloud Services, we aim to provide the best-in-class end-to-end solutions for developers and lines of business that create, extend, and access SAP applications on SAP Business Technology Platform (BTP).
We are building services that help both internal stakeholders and external customers adopt BTP with the highest technical standards.
Among these services you can find SAP Application Frontend (hosting and managing frontend applications for SAP external and internal customers), Unified Gateway (an entry point to SAP cloud solutions that offers traffic management, security, monitoring, and harmonization for SAP Intelligent Suite APIs) and the K8s infrastructure for Business Application Studio (development environment, tailored for efficient development of business applications for the Intelligent Enterprise).
These services are a key part of the SAP BTP strategy and complete end-to-end experience we deliver in our technology group.
Bring out your best
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
Network
and System Engineer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése