Cég neve
KOSTAL Global Business Services Center Kft.
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Budapest
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
R
DATABASE
UAT
TESTING
PYTHON
TROUBLESHOOTING
CHANGE MANAGEMENT
DATA MANAGEMENT
PROJECT MANAGEMENT.
LEAN
Elvárások
Angol középfok
3-5 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
R
DATABASE
UAT
TESTING
PYTHON
TROUBLESHOOTING
CHANGE
MANAGEMENT
DATA
MANAGEMENT
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT.
LEAN
Angol
középfok
3-5
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Gather, analyze, and document business requirements for PLM and engineering IT applications through workshops, interviews, and process mapping with business stakeholders.
Translate business needs into functional specifications for IT and development teams, ensuring clear communication and mutual understanding.
Liaise continuously between users (e.g., R&D, engineering, product management) and IT developers, clarifying requirements, collecting feedback, and supporting change requests.
Configure and customize PLM systems (such as CIM Database) to accommodate business process changes under supervision or following IT guidelines.
Support end-users by troubleshooting issues, answering queries, and maintaining a knowledge database and user documentation.
Conduct user acceptance tests (UAT) by preparing test cases, coordinating testing activities, collecting user feedback, and documenting results for IT teams.
Coordinate small IT/PLM improvement initiatives, ensuring project tasks are tracked, stakeholders are informed, and deadlines are met.
Prepare and deliver user training sessions or materials to facilitate new feature adoption and promote best practice usage.
Monitor and analize PLM system utilization and user feedback to proactively flag inefficiencies or unmet needs
Requirements
Education in Engineering / IT / computer specialist or similar
4+ years work experience in a within R&D, IT or similar role
Experience with PLM systems as Consultant, Trainer or Supporter.
Familiarity R&D processes such as configuration management, change management, PPAP, Master Data Management, development Project Management.
Experience with incident handling for PLM, as well as PLM configuration and administration, is an asset and can facilitate entry into the role.
Knowledge and experience in at least one object-oriented programming language, preferably Python is a plus.
Fluent English
Other languages as per role requirement
Good time management (Ability to plan, manage and delegate)
Experience in a virtual team
Good organisation and problem resolving skills
Lean focused view (process improvement, sharing ideas)
Excellent communicator
What we offer
Flexible working conditions with remote work possibility (in-person presence is required from time to time), you can have a real work-life balance
Modern, newly renovated, sustainable office with parking space and bicycle storage area in the heart of Budapest
Supportive, diverse and highly skilled community
Ability to really make a difference and build new processes from scratch, you can participate in the formation and shape of the BSC processes
KOSTAL is a dynamically developing company, an independent, family-run business which provides much flexibility
You can enjoy our value-oriented work culture: we are down-to-earth, appreciative, inspiring and innovative
Workplace extras
Canteen
Cafe
Shower
Corporate events
Bicycle storage
Parking
Company info
KOSTAL Group is a global, family-owned German company that develops market-leading solutions for the solar and automotive industries. The company has been established in 1912 and employs about 20 000 people at 47 locations in 22 countries. In Hungary, KOSTAL is about to build its first business service centre to provide business support in IT, finance, procurement, master data, sales and HR fields. This will be a global centre with high value-added and complex processes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Budapest
Álláshirdetés jelentése