Cég neve
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SECURITY
REACT
PYTHON
CLOUD
AWS
AZURE
DEVOPS
Elvárások
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SECURITY
REACT
PYTHON
CLOUD
AWS
AZURE
DEVOPS
Német
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Leading the architecture discussion for flexibility to deliver seamless business solutions for the Energy Retail Segment
Collaborating with business stakeholders to understand requirements and translate them into scalable and effective technical designs
Working closely with the Enterprise Architecture to develop and maintain architectural standards, guidelines, and best practices for flexibility demands
Guiding and supporting project teams throughout the design, development, and implementation phases
Ensuring solutions align with E.ON's business goals, compliance policies, and security standards
Fostering collaboration between IT and business units to drive digital transformation initiatives
Requirements
Proven experience as a Solution Architect (f/m/d) with a strong technical foundation and hands‑on software development background
Strong understanding of Energy Retail business processes and how to map them to technology solutions
Proficiency in modern development technologies, such as TypeScript, React Native, and Python, with the ability to understand and guide architectural decisions across diverse tech stacks
Deep knowledge of major public cloud platforms, particularly AWS and Microsoft Azure, including cloud architecture design, serverless approaches, security best practices, DevOps automation (CI/CD), monitoring, and cost‑efficient cloud operations
Experience with integration patterns, APIs, and event-driven or modular architectures, enabling seamless communication between systems, platforms, and data sources
Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities
Effective communicator (f/m/d) across varying organizational maturity; fluent English
Willingness to travel approx. 2x/month to our locations in Germany but also internationally
What we offer
Advance your development:
We grow and we want you to grow with us. Learning on the job, exchanging with others, or taking part in an individualtraining – our learning culture enables you to bring your personal and professional development to the next level.​
Recharge your battery:
You have 30 days of paid vacation per year plus Christmas and New Year's Eve off. Your battery still needs charging? You canexchange parts of your salary for more paid vacation or you can take a sabbatical.​
Enjoy hybrid work:
We combine office collaboration with focused work from home. It's also possible to go on workation for up to 20 days per year withinEurope. ​
Stay active & healthy:
Benefit from a company-sponsored health membership.​
Elevate your mobility:
From car and bike leasing offers to a subsidised Deutschland-Ticket – your way is our way.​
Think ahead:
With our company pension scheme and a great insurance package we take care of your future.​
This is by far not all…
We are looking forward to speaking with you about further benefits during the hiring process.
Company info
You have a passion for technology and want to make the world a greener place? ​Then become a playmaker (f/m/d) and join our team as ​Business Solution Architect for Flexibility in Energy Retail (f/m/d)​ at E.ON Digital Technology.​
We play a key role in shaping the energy transition by leading E.ON's digital transformation across Europe. We explore new paths by developing ideas, breaking new ground, making visions reality, and bringing new technologies to life. We deliver sustainable technology solutions because…​
… it's on us to make new energy work!
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése