Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PYTHON
C
C++
MACHINE LEARNING
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
PYTHON
C
C++
MACHINE
LEARNING
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Your role will be at the forefront of tackling complex challenges in the field of ophthalmology
You will develop and apply cutting-edge computational methods, generate simulated sensory data at the device level, conduct in-depth statistical analyses on these data, and design, implement, and evaluate computational assistance approaches that operate seamlessly in real-time on our devices
Your contribution won't stop at research and development
You will also have the unique opportunity to share your findings and insights with our team, fostering a collaborative environment that thrives on innovation
Requirements
Currently enrolled in a Master's degree program in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, or a related field
Strong interest in technology and motivation to tackle challenging tasks
Understanding of computational assistance methods, preferably in signal processing, machine learning, and deep learning (embedded AI)
Experience with embedded systems and simulating sensory data in a laboratory setting
Hands-on programming skills in Python and C/C++
Experience with common machine learning frameworks such as PyTorch
Strong conceptual and analytical thinking, technical understanding, and creativity for solving complex problems in a self-organized manner
Willingness to collaborate and work in complementary teams
Good communication skills in English and/or German
Company info
As a student worker, you will work side by side with your coworkers as equals in an environment which will allow you create the ideal con- ditions for your future career.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése