Cég neve
Allane SE
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
TESTING
ISTQB‑
ISTQB
AGILE
SOFTWARE TESTING
SCRUM
REGRESSION TESTING
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
TESTING
ISTQB‑
ISTQB
AGILE
SOFTWARE
TESTING
SCRUM
REGRESSION
TESTING
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Own the QA landscape. Shape quality. Elevate standards.
Bring your expertise into a modern, internationally connected IT environment.
Drive the development of a scalable, ISTQB‑aligned QA framework and influence the quality of future products.
Collaborate closely with developers, Product Owners, and QA specialists to successfully implement modern testing strategies.
Help shape the organization's QA vision and deliver sustainable, measurable quality improvements across all teams.
Your new role
You own and continuously evolve the Allane
IT Quality Assurance & Test Framework
, ensuring alignment with ISTQB standards and regulatory requirements
You define and execute scalable
test strategies
- from automation to regression - using modern tools and methodologies
You act as a
technical authority
, guiding Test Managers, Agile Testers, and cross‑functional teams to ensure quality across all initiatives
You oversee the
full Software Testing Lifecycle
, ensuring robust coverage from unit to user acceptance testing
You drive
quality improvements
through KPI monitoring and advise on resource allocation for projects, products, and scrum teams
Requirements
You bring deep expertise in
testing methodologies
and ISTQB‑aligned quality processes, enabling you to design and govern a
future‑proof QA framework
You are skilled in
developing scalable test strategies
and applying modern automation and regression testing practices effectively
You demonstrate strong
technical leadership
, supporting cross‑functional teams in meeting complex quality requirements across projects
You manage the
full Software Testing Lifecycle
end‑to‑end, monitor key quality metrics, and drive continuous improvements and informed resource decision
You show clear communication skills in
English
and the ability to work independently in cross-functional teams; German is a plus
What we offer
You are part of our IT Team at Allane SE and based in the greater Munich area.
Training opportunities
Business bike
Employee car leasing
Open culture & diversity
Employee awards
Fitness & health
30 days of vacation
50% mobile work per month
Drinks & food subsidy
Team events
Corporate benefits
Attractive financial package
Your new employer
Company info
„Allane makes mobility easy in every way”
To achieve this, our Leasing and Fleet Management business units work hand in hand and are perfectly complemented by the newly acquired Captive Leasing business segment. Since 2020, we are powered by Hyundai and Santander with our new main shareholder Hyundai Capital Bank Europe. Together, we are pursuing the goal of becoming the leading cross-brand provider of comprehensive mobility solutions in Europe. Find out more about our values
here
.
*For reasons of better readability, the language forms male, female and diverse (m/f/x) are not used simultaneously. All references to persons apply equally to all genders.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése