Cég neve
ProSiebenSat.1 Careers
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CRM
PYTHON
SQL
GIT
NETWORK
MACHINE LEARNING
Elvárások
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CRM
PYTHON
SQL
GIT
NETWORK
MACHINE
LEARNING
Német
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Join one of Germany's leading streaming services and help shape the future of personalized entertainment! In our AI Tech - Personalization team, you'll work on cutting-edge recommendation systems that power individualized movie, series, and live TV experiences for millions of users.
What you can expect in this role
You will contribute to improving our foundation recommender system
Your role involves exploring and evaluating new machine learning methods, including applications of LLMs for recommender systems
Expect to support personalized CRM communications (push notifications, in-app messages, newsletters)
You'll be responsible for analyzing large-scale user interaction data to identify optimization opportunities
Working closely with data scientists, ML engineers, and product teams will be a key part of your job
A core function is to contribute to model deployment and experimentation workflows — and run A/B tests at scale to validate your improvements
Requirements
You are an enrolled student in Computer Science, Data Science, or a related field
You should possess strong Python and SQL skills; Git proficiency is a must
A solid understanding of machine learning fundamentals is expected
We're looking for someone with an interest in recommender systems and personalization
You are a team player with good communication skills and a curiosity to learn
What we offer
Enjoy an open corporate culture without a dress code in the dynamic environment of the media industry
Depending on the tasks you take on in your team, there is the possibility of working on a mobile basis in coordination with your manager
Work at modern equipped workplaces and use our wide range of campus services including a canteen with fair prices, different coffee bars or our massage service
We advance your AI skills through internal training and our vibrant AI community. For us AI is not a future topic, but already shapes our daily work as an integral part of the value chain - from content creation to distribution
Benefit from a highly discounted membership at EGYM Wellpass, a free Joyn Plus+ subscription as well as numerous other special discounts of our partners
We offer our interns and working students an extensive network so that you can meet new people outside of your field of expertise and gain insights into other areas at ProSiebenSat. 1.
Working hours: usually 20h/week, can be flexibly distributed by arrangement
Duration: Depending on enrolment - minimum 6 months, maximum 2 years
Gross monthly salary for 20 hours/week: In the first 6 months 1.200€ & from the 7th month 1.300€, in the tech areas: 1.600€
Company info
Let's #CreateMomentsThatMatter together! ProSiebenSat.1 is the home of popular entertainment as well as infotainment and a leading entertainment player player in the German-speaking region. Our Entertainment portfolio is complemented by digital consumer brands in the Commerce & Ventures and Dating & Video segments. Behind ProSiebenSat.1 there are around 7,000 employees, who inspire our audience and customers with great passion day by day. Success stories start here. Yours too? Let's #CreateMomentsThatMatter together!
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése