Cég neve
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
DEVOPS
CLOUD
SECURITY
TESTING
BASH
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
DEVOPS
CLOUD
SECURITY
TESTING
BASH
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a SAP DevOps Engineer (f/m/d) at E.ON, you will be responsible for designing, developing, training and maintaining SAP DevOps solutions for our SAP system landscape and platforms. You will work closely with the SAP DevOps teams and developers, and other stakeholders to ensure the provisioning of a modern, user-friendly, state-of-the-art SAP DevOps pipeline.
Design, implement and continuously improve DevOps concepts, CI/CD templates, pipelines and automation for SAP landscapes (e.g. SAP BTP, S/4HANA)
Enable reliable build, test and deployment processes across SAP Cloud and on-premise environments
Establish observability concepts for SAP BTP and on-premise applications for monitoring, health checks, alerts and APM by using tools such as SAP Cloud ALM, New Relic and Uptrends
Collaborate closely with SAP development, architecture, security and operations teams
Conduct DevOps maturity assessments and guide teams on their DevOps Journey
Ensure high availability, performance, security and compliance of SAP systems
Troubleshoot complex problems and support root cause analysis
Continuously evaluate new SAP DevOps tools, technologies and best practices
Requirements
Strong experience in DevOps, platform engineering or operations within SAP environments
Hands-on experience with CI/CD and security, as well as quality tooling (e.g. GitLab CI/CD, SonarQube, Renovate or similar)
Strong knowledge in development, automated testing and testing strategies
Experience with scripting and automation (e.g. Bash, Groovy)
Solid knowledge of SAP S/4HANA, SAP BTP and related deployment and transport mechanisms
Knowledge of Kubernetes and container technologies and IaaC principles is a plus
Strong understanding of security, monitoring and reliability concepts
Structured, proactive and solution-oriented working style
Fluent in English
What we offer
Advance your development:
We grow and we want you to grow with us. Learning on the job, exchanging with others, or taking part in an individualtraining – our learning culture enables you to bring your personal and professional development to the next level.​
Recharge your battery:
You have 30 days of paid vacation per year plus Christmas and New Year's Eve off. Your battery still needs charging? You canexchange parts of your salary for more paid vacation or you can take a sabbatical.​
Enjoy hybrid work:
We combine office collaboration with focused work from home. It's also possible to go on workation for up to 20 days per year withinEurope. ​
Stay active & healthy:
Benefit from a company-sponsored health membership.​
Elevate your mobility:
From car and bike leasing offers to a subsidised Deutschland-Ticket – your way is our way.​
Think ahead:
With our company pension scheme and a great insurance package we take care of your future.​
This is by far not all…
We are looking forward to speaking with you about further benefits during the hiring process.
Company info
You have a passion for technology and want to make the world a greener place?
Then become a playmaker (f/m/d) and join our team as SAP DevOps Engineer (f/m/d) at E.ON Digital Technology.
We play a key role in shaping the energy transition by leading E.ON's digital transformation across Europe. We explore new paths by developing ideas, breaking new ground, making visions reality, and bringing new technologies to life. We deliver sustainable technology solutions because…
… it's on us to make new energy work!
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Operation, Telecommunication
IT
Security
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése