Cég neve
Tieto Germany GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok és
Német felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
felsőfok és Német felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Implement and optimise SAP S/4HANA Public Cloud solutions for customers in the public, energy utilities and manufacturing sector, focusing on Finance processes
Conduct and evaluate Digital Discovery Assessments to identify customer needs
Activate and configure relevant SAP Best Practice Scope Items to meet specific business requirements
Leverage SAP Cloud ALM for project implementation, monitoring, and lifecycle management to ensure quality and transparency
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure seamless integration and delivery
Provide expert guidance during the project lifecycle, from requirements gathering to go-live support
Facilitate workshops, training session and provide documentation for key users and stakeholders
Requirements
Several years of experience in
SAP Finance consulting
, especially in some of the following areas: Cost Management and Profitability Analysis, (Advanced) Accounting and Financial Close, Treasury Management, (Advanced) Financial Operations and Enterprise Risk and Compliance
Strong knowledge of SAP S/4HANA Public Cloud
Experience in migration of finance data as well as implementation according to SAP Active
Analytical mindset and a proactive, solution-oriented approach
Fluent in German and English, both written and spoken
As an individual, you are a team player who takes initiative and ownership. You communicate clearly, organize your work effectively, and enjoy solving complex challenges. You're eager to learn and share knowledge, and you thrive in a fast-evolving technology landscape.
As part of our SAP Finance team, you'll have the chance to shape sales cases, lead projects, and contribute to organizational development. Whether you want to deepen your SAP expertise or broaden your industry knowledge, we support your growth. Work with Austrian customers and explore international opportunities—your curiosity and drive are what count.
What we offer
We offer you professional growth, meaningful projects, open culture, and an outstanding work-life balance!
We offer you an opportunity to create the future of a growing, fast-developing, and important sector.
We believe that our organizational culture is an important part of enabling you to be successful.
We provide a flexible hybrid work model as part of our culture and way of working. While travel may occur, it is not expected to happen weekly.
Finally, we also believe in curiosity and learning as a lifestyle where you need to unlearn and relearn every day as new possibilities emerge.
Locations: Vienna, Linz, Graz, Berlin, Regensburg
Creating purposeful technology to reinvent the world for good
#LI-Hybrid
Additional Information
At Tieto, we believe in the power of diversity, equity, and inclusion. We encourage applicants of all backgrounds, genders (m/f/d), and walks of life to join our team, as we believe that this fosters an inspiring workplace and fuels innovation. Our commitment to openness, trust, and diversity is at the heart of our mission to create digital futures that benefit businesses, societies, and humanity.
Diversity, equity and inclusion (tietoevry.com)
Company info
Tieto is a leading software and digital engineering services company with global market reach and capabilities. We provide customers across different industries with mission-critical solutions through our specialized software businesses Tieto Caretech, Tieto Banktech and Tieto Indtech, as well as Tieto Tech Consulting business. Join our 15 000 talented vertical software, design, cloud and AI experts and empower our customers to succeed and innovate with the latest technology.
Since 2000, Tieto has been represented in Germany. With about 100 experts, Tietoevry Germany is committed to develop enterprises and society through IT by realizing new opportunities in customers' business transformation.
We believe in professional development and results by supporting our customers on their journey into a meaningful digital future
Are you passionate about SAP solutions and eager to shape the future of our customer's digitalization journey? Then this position might be perfect for you!
We are looking for a motivated and experienced SAP Consultant to join our team at Tieto Tech Consulting. Tieto Tech Consulting is the leading digital accelerator for innovation and sustainable value creation. We combine business design with software engineering to bring digital business to life.
With a global team of 9,000 colleagues, we are constantly striving to develop and grow. Our customers trust in our solutions, which is why we are continuously looking for new talents.
We are continuing to strengthen our presence in the German market and are expanding our operations with a clear focus on future growth. To support this journey, we are looking for new colleagues to join our team in Berlin. Join our SAP Finance team – where trust, ownership and curiosity drive us. Everyone brings in their strengths, explores new ideas, and contributes beyond fixed roles. We value trust over control, self-direction over hierarchy, and action over formalism.
What matters most is your motivation. You don't need to tick every box – just show us who you are.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Finance,
Accounting
Analyst,
Advisor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése