Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
@SAP.
MACHINE LEARNING
Elvárások
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
@SAP.
MACHINE
LEARNING
Német
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
We are looking for a Senior AI Architect (f/m/d) to join our AI Strategy & Advisory team and help drive SAP Business AI at our customers. You will act as a E2E advisor (f/m/d) for AI topics, support strategic AI initiatives, and translate ideas into production-ready solutions that deliver measurable business value.
As an AI Architect (f/m/d) - you play an important role in bringing one of the most important technologies of our time - Artificial Intelligence - into action at customers and for SAP's strategy.
Take responsibility for supporting customers' SAP Business AI journey:
Help establish yourself as a key contact for AI-related topics at customers
Support the design of SAP Business AI architectures aligned with customer business strategy
Develop AI Strategies for our customers
Translate strategic AI initiatives into measurable business value
Support our customers in discovering effective ways to apply AI to create real value
Contribute to developing AI roadmaps, conducting ideation workshops, AI hackathons and participate in architecture discussions
Design AI-powered systems that automate manual processes and optimize engineering workflows
Provide guidance & know-how on Artificial Intelligence – Machine Learning, Generative AI, Agentic AI
Stay up-to-date with the latest AI technology developments and advise on potential business benefits
AI is a team sport - work closely with cross-functional teams (e.g. AI product management, go-to market teams, consulting) to leverage the full potential
Actively contribute to knowledge sharing and team enablement – supporting AI adoption across our region while engaging with global, international customers
Requirements
Bachelor's or master's degree in Artificial Intelligence, Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field
Several years of experience in an AI focused role
Solid knowledge of Artificial Intelligence & IT architectures - Agentic AI & Generative AI
Passion for AI and digital transformation, with a strong desire to learn and grow in how these technologies drive business success
Demonstrated ability to automate complex workflows using AI agents, with understanding of agentic patterns
Good experience with SAP and understanding of its architecture (e.g. SAP Business AI, SAP Business Technology Platform, GenAI Hub)
Ability to work in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment
Good business acumen & professional communication skills
Excellent communication skills in both German and English
Strong problem-solving mindset with ability to identify high-impact automation opportunities and translate them into working solutions
Nice-to-haves:
Experience building AI Centers of Excellence and running AI programs
Prior customer-facing advisory or consulting experience
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
All SAP locations in Germany as for example Walldorf (close to Mannheim/Heidelberg), Hamburg, Berlin, Ratingen (close to Düsseldorf), Eschborn (close to Frankfurt), Gerlingen (close to Stuttgart), Garching (close to München) are possible.
#DA26
#LI-AJ
We win with
SAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 449999 | Work Area: Consulting and Professional Services | Expected Travel: 0 - 70% | Career Status: Berufserfahren | Employment Type: Vollzeit, unbefristet | Additional Locations: #LI-
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése