Cég neve
Tieto Germany GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Elvárások
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
PROJECT
MANAGEMENT
Német
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
lead the end-to-end bid management process, including planning and coordinating proposals
collaborate with cross-functional teams and technical experts, such as Sales, Solution Architects, Delivery and others to gather necessary information and resources
emphasize the importance of meeting timelines to ensure timely submission of proposals
ensure compliance with internal and external standards and guidelines
present proposals to stakeholders and address any questions or concerns
improve bid efficiency by developing reusable content and templates
monitor and report on bid performance and outcomes as well as conduct post-bid reviews to identify lessons learned
Requirements
proven experience in bid management and/or contract management in the digital, IT or engineering consulting sector
strong project management skills with the ability to manage multiple bids simultaneously
understanding of public sector procurement processes
excellent written and verbal communication skills
ability to handle discussions in German language
detail-orientation with strong analytical and problem-solving approach
ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
As a person, we believe you are a team player who takes actions and demonstrates responsibility to organize your work and solve your tasks. You will continue to both learn from, and coach your colleagues, so communication is important for us.
What we offer
We offer you professional growth, meaningful projects, open culture, and an outstanding work-life balance! We offer you an opportunity to create the future of a growing, fast-developing, and important sector. We believe that our organizational culture is an important part of enabling you to be successful. We provide a flexible hybrid work model as part of our culture and way of working. Finally, we also believe in curiosity and learning as a lifestyle where you need to unlearn and relearn every day as new possibilities emerge.
Additional Information
At Tieto, we believe in the power of diversity, equity, and inclusion. We encourage applicants of all backgrounds, genders (m/f/d), and walks of life to join our team, as we believe that this fosters an inspiring workplace and fuels innovation. Our commitment to openness, trust, and diversity is at the heart of our mission to create digital futures that benefit businesses, societies, and humanity.
Diversity, equity and inclusion (tietoevry.com)
Company info
Tieto is a leading software and digital engineering services company with global market reach and capabilities. We provide customers across different industries with mission-critical solutions through our specialized software businesses Tieto Caretech, Tieto Banktech and Tieto Indtech, as well as Tieto Tech Consulting business. Join our 15 000 talented vertical software, design, cloud and AI experts and empower our customers to succeed and innovate with the latest technology.
Since 2000, Tieto has been represented in Germany. With about 100 experts, Tietoevry Germany is committed to develop enterprises and society through IT by realizing new opportunities in customers' business transformation.
We believe in professional development and results by supporting our customers on their journey into a meaningful digital future
Are you a skilled and motivated Bid Manager and want to join one of the largest tech companies in the Nordics? Then this is the role for you!
We are looking for a Bid Manager who wants to be part of Tieto Tech Consulting. Tieto Tech Consulting is the leading digital accelerator for innovation and sustainable value creation. We combine business design with software engineering to bring digital business to life.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése