Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
ABAP
TESTING
@SAP.
SCRUM
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
ABAP
TESTING
@SAP.
SCRUM
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What you'll build
Production Planning and Detailed Scheduling (PP/DS) in SAP S/4HANA empowers companies to easily create feasible and optimized production plans and procurement proposals. PP/DS performs finite capacity planning, which means it considers real-world limitations and constraints, such as available machinery capacity or raw materials.
To accelerate the improvement and modernization of our solution, we are establishing a new development team in Walldorf following the Harmonized Product Operating Model.
As an architect, you will engineer solutions that fulfill SAP's quality standards and are built in accordance with the SAP technology strategy.
Responsible for support and development of product features in PP/DS with high levels of coding and quality standards
Take responsibility for code quality in the team, drive code reviews, ensure adherence to programming guidelines
Responsible for Architectural Documentation (ACD)
Ability to analyse and solve issues in existing and new code
Demonstrates full responsibility for accepted tasks and therefore demonstrates a high level of quality, speed, reliability and efficiency
Enhances skills beyond own core functional focus and works on other tasks for the benefit of the team
Experience building highly available, secure and scalable enterprise products
Assume additional technical, organizational or coordination tasks or roles, as required
Flexibility to work with teams distributed across different geographies
Closely collaborate with the Architects within the unit for a streamlined and aligned approach
Where you belong
Our organization is responsible for the development and enhancement of Production Planning and Detailed Scheduling (PP/DS) within SAP S/4HANA. You will join a dynamic new scrum team which will contribute to the success of SAP's solutions around Supply Chain Planning.
Requirements
What you bring
Required Skills
University degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field
5 years of experience in architectural/technical leadership
Hands-on expertise: ABAP, RAP, CDS, OData, Fiori/UI5
Experience in Design and architecting large scale software developments
High level of commitment towards ownership of product
Modern engineering: CI/CD, automated testing, observability (logs/metrics/traces), feature toggles
Excellent communication and stakeholder management; track record mentoring engineers; comfortable in distributed teams
Language: English (fluent), German language skills are a bonus
Preferred Skills
Familiarity with supply chain management concepts, IBP, APO or similar products
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
In our collaborative environment, innovation and technical excellence are highly valued. This role offers opportunities for both personal and professional growth within a global organization. You will collaborate closely with other scrum teams and product management across various locations, including Walldorf, Budapest and Bangalore.
This position allows you to engage in the conceptualization, design, prototyping, and development of core PP/DS processes, providing you with a diverse and enriching work experience.
We win with inclusionSAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 445337 | Work Area: Software-Design and Development | Expected Travel: 0 - 10% | Career Status: Professional | Employment Type: Regular Full Time or Part Time | Additional Locations: #LI-Hybrid
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése