Cég neve
ParshipMeet Group
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
BACKEND
TESTING
CLEAN CODE
AGILE
KANBAN
SCRUM
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
BACKEND
TESTING
CLEAN
CODE
AGILE
KANBAN
SCRUM
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Design, implement and operate scalable .NET backend services from idea and implementation to deployment, monitoring, optimization and production follow-up.
Break down work into small, shippable pieces, estimate effort and update estimates as scope evolves.
Share status, risks and dependencies transparently, seek clarification early, and confirm priorities and requirements.
Ensure high code quality through practices like Pair Programming, code reviews, and regular refactoring, documenting decisions and trade-offs where needed.
Contribute to CI/CD, container-based deployments, and incident learning.
Ask for and offer help proactively, share knowledge, give and receive feedback constructively, and contribute to a respectful, inclusive team environmen
Requirements
Several years of experience building scalable backend services with .NET.
Strong software engineering fundamentals (Clean Code, OO design, modern architectures such as microservices/service-oriented systems)
Hands-on experience in agile development (Kanban/Scrum)
A strong quality and reliability mindset
Very good English language skills (spoken and written)
Preferred Qualifications and skills
Routine use of Pair Programming and systematic code reviews.
Experience with GitLab CI/CD, Kubernetes, and production monitoring/observability.
Experience building Blazor applications.
Experience leading refactorings and tooling/process improvements.
Interest in using AI to improve productivity, testing, and monitoring.
German language skills are a plus (B2+).
What we offer
Flexible working style
Part-time opportunities
Central office
Subsidized transportation
Training & Development plans
Food and soft drinks
Health benefits
Retirement plans
Shopping discounts
Volunteer opportunities
Legendary parties
Team Building Events
At ParshipMeet, we help millions of people around the globe meet, date, and fall in love. We want our teams to be as diverse as our customer base. Constantly adding new perspectives is key to our success. We will never judge anyone by age, sex, family background, color of skin, religious beliefs nor sexual orientation. For us, it's all about skills, competencies, and you as a human being!
Company info
With revenues of more than 375 million Euros and nine apps, ParshipMeet Group is one of the three leading international Dating and Video companies. Our more than 500 employees help users all over the world to meet others – whether it's like-minded people, an exciting date, or love for life. True to the motto: Meet – Date – Fall in Love.
As a .Net Engineer (all genders) you will work on our matchmaking products Parship, ElitePartner and eharmony. You will be part of a cross-functional engineering team and take responsibility for designing, implementing, and evolving features that our customers and internal stakeholders use every day. We develop and operate our platforms ourselves, work in an agile Kanban setup, and value ownership, collaboration, and continuous improvement.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése