Cég neve
SAP SE
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
What you'll do:
The Senior Account Executive / Account Executive Expert (f/m/d) (AE) role empowers customers to achieve their full potential by strategically positioning SAP cloud solutions to address their unique business challenges and lay a strong foundation for future success. The role includes the following key aspects:
Leading Account & Customer Relationship Management:
Strategic account management and positioning of SAP as a strategic digitalization partner in terms of cloud and artificial intelligence for public administration, both at the political and technical level.
Gain a comprehensive understanding of each customer's technology landscape, strategic goals, and competitive environment and devise a sustainable market strategy
Demand Generation, Pipeline, and Opportunity Management:
Actively manage demand generation strategies, pipeline progression activities at scale and opportunities till closure efficiently in a team.
Sales Excellence:
Conduct White Space analysis to identify and execute up-sell and cross-sell opportunities within existing accounts.
Orchestrate and deploy appropriate teams to ensure successful sales outcomes, embodying the 'OneSAP' approach.
Control of cloud and services opportunities in close cooperation with consulting and partners
Stay informed about SAP's competition and position SAP solutions effectively against them.
Maintain accurate customer and pipeline information within CRM systems.
Leading a (virtual) account team
Lead and orchestrate remote and cross-functional teams to align with the customer's strategic objectives.
Develop the team actively and create superstar potentials
Maximize the team's efficiency and winners' attitude
Meet your team:
Requirements
7+ years of experience in sales of complex business software/IT solutions.
Sales experience in statutory accident insurance (Germany and a resilient network is an advantage
Proven success in business application software sales and leading team-selling environments.
Driving and closing AI and platform opportunities to success.
Demonstrated ability to handle large transactions and lengthy sales campaigns in a fast-paced, competitive market.
Strong negotiation skills and experience in renewals, expansions, and up-sells of subscription-based solutions.
Team lead experience a strong plus
Full working proficiency in German and Business English.
Exceptional communication, both verbal and non-verbal.
Strategic thinking with a high degree of creativity and innovation.
Strong executive presence, persistence and results-driven mindset.
Ability to work across multiple teams within a matrix organization.
Join a highly motivated team with a deep understanding of SAP's solution portfolio and industry know how of German Public Sector.
Engage in collaborative work with SAP leadership and industry teams to drive customer success.
Collaboration with an ecosystem of SAP product specialists, SAP consulting, SAP implementation partners and operational organizations.
Leverage your expertise while working in a dynamic and challenging environment at the forefront of SAP's customer engagements.
What we offer
What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.
#LI-JR5
We win with
SAP's culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.
SAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team:
For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
AI Usage in the Recruitment Process
For information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.
Please note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.
Requisition ID: 449731 | Work Area: Sales | Expected Travel: 0 - 70% | Career Status: Berufserfahren | Employment Type: Vollzeit, unbefristet | Additional Locations: Virtuell - Deutschland #LI-
Company info
We help the world run better
At SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong.
SAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Sales,
Trade
IT
Sales Representative
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése