Cég neve
Mercedes-Benz AG
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
HARDWARE
TESTING.
MS OFFICE
AGILE
SCRUM
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
HARDWARE
TESTING.
MS
OFFICE
AGILE
SCRUM
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Become a part of a exciting and agile team!
We are a Scrum Team who develops Baselayer Software of CDCC (Central Driving and Charging Controller) ECU, we validate this software using test suits and test benches as well as flash it on the actual hardware for further testing.
Your main tasks will be:
Analyzing the software requirements from other ECUs and take them over for CDCC
Rewrite or create new software requirements for CDCC
Review and fix review findings for these requirements
Communicate these requirements to all relevant software teams
We are proud of:
A mini lab with more than 10 test benches where we test and validate our software
Working according to SCRUM principals in SAFe framework
Diverse and highly motivated software engineers with years of experience
Our stunning products, having a chance to see our extraordinary cars upclose everyday
Amazing cafes and canteens throughout the campus Sindelfingen
The activity can begin from May 2026.
Requirements
Degree program in the field of software engineering, informatics or a comparable course of study
Confident handling of MS Office
Programming skills as well as SCRUM know-how are an advantage, but not mandatory
Confident knowledge of German and English, both written and spoken
Commitment and ability to work in a team
Enthusiasm for software development
Analytical mindset and strategic way of working
Understanding of complex processes
Quick comprehension and independent way of working
Assertiveness, communication and coordination skills
Additional Information:
We look forward to receiving your online application, including a resume, cover letter, certificates, current certificate of enrollment stating your semester, and proof of the standard period of study. Please remember to mark your documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form and observe the maximum file size of 5 MB.
You can find further information on the hiring criteria
here
.
Severely disabled applicants and applicants with equivalent status are welcome! The representative for severely disabled employees (
HR Services will be happy to help you with any questions you may have about the application process. You can reach us by email at
What we offer
Meal-Discounts
Mobile Phone for Employees Possible
Discounts for Employees Possible
Annual Profit Share Possible
Events for Employees
Coaching
Flextime Possible
Hybrid Work Possible
Health Benefits
Company Retirement
Mobility Offers
Canteen, Café
Inhouse Doctor
Near-Site Childcare
Parking
Good Public Transport
Barrier-Free Workplace
Company info
Life is always about becoming… Becoming means going on a journey to be the best version of our future selves. While we discover new things, we will face challenges, master them and grow beyond our individual limits.
Apply for a job at Mercedes-Benz and find your individual role and workspace to unleash your talents to the fullest. Empowered by visionary colleagues who share the same pioneering spirit. Joining us means becoming part of a global team that aims to build the most desirable cars in the world. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: MER0003XTK
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése