Cég neve
Lufthansa Technik AG
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
HARDWARE
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
HARDWARE
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
From the digitalization of our processes to the development of innovative maintenance and repair procedures: Together, we are driving the transformation of aviation.
Are you passionate about digital challenges? Are you ready to put your IT know-how into practice to shape exciting digital MRO services and further empower the Lufthansa Technik Group digitally?
Then shape your future in the IT & Digital Track of our trainee program:
Put a focus on IT/digital project assignments & become part of the digital transformation of aviation
In the trainee program, you have the chance to focus on IT & digital projects & work on forward-looking solutions with high technological & strategic relevance
You will shape the digital transformation of aviation with data, AI, & cloud technologies - from predictive maintenance solutions such as AVIATAR to user-centered hardware & software products to scalable cloud applications for the digital transformation of our segments – our digital portfolio is huge
You will rotate through different areas of our organization & get the chance to dive into our digital processes, products, tools & solutions
You want to apply your skills in other areas? No problem, you can explore the full diversity of LHT
Requirements
We are looking for trainees who want to make a difference and share our passion to make the future of aviation more digital, efficient and sustainable!
You completed your master's degree above-average with a focus on IT: (Business-) Informatics, Data Science, IT-Management or similar
You have strong English & German skills
You have gained relevant professional experience through challenging internships or working student activities, as well as international experience
You have a passion for aviation and think analytically and interdisciplinary
You work independently, in a structured manner, and take responsibility for challenging tasks and results
What we offer
Free parking
Flight privileges
Cafeteria
Subsidized public transport
Business cell phone / iPad
Special deals with selected partners
Employee events
Hybrid working possible
Flexible working hours
Development programs / Training options
Company doctor
Company sports / gym
Company info
Lufthansa Technik is the world's leading provider of maintenance, repair, overhaul and modification services in the aviation industry. With more than 22.000 employees and over 30 international subsidiaries, the Lufthansa Technik Group offers around 800 customers around the world a complete range of aircraft technology services.
The fascination for flying is what connects us all. In front of the engine or behind the laptop, in logistics or on the smallest individual part. We make aviation safe, rethink it – and still keep our feet on the ground. Because only when every move is perfect and we discover innovative possibilities even in the smallest detail, we are proud. We believe in the potential of the individual. And in the fact that this potential grows best in the community. Our diversity makes us strong and allows us to stand out together.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése