Cég neve
Utimaco GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
C++
GIT.
C
JAVA
JENKINS
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
C++
GIT.
C
JAVA
JENKINS
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Configuration Management Expert with special focus on the C++ build system with CMake
Manage and extend the SW build system for C++ according to product development.
Implement changes, integrate new SW components and build variants.
Migrate components from make to CMake.
Ensure that the build system is stable and resilient.
Requirements
High expertise in C++ and CMake, make and git.
beneficial: C and Java, Gitlab, SW development of embedded systems, Jenkins
Previous experience in configuration management is beneficial
communicative, self driven
Able to abstract, to identify issues and to propose, coordinate and implement solutions.
Coordination with SW design to adapt the build system according to the needs.
What we offer
An open and friendly corporate culture characterized by constructive and collaborative interaction
We provide you with support for your future plans with a company pension scheme (depending on country-specific circumstances)
Early risers and night owls - thanks to a flexible working model you can organise your working day yourself
We also support you privately - benefit from special payments or additional vacation days on anniversaries or other special occasions
Utimaco is growing and living diversity! Our global team includes colleagues from 42 nationalities and 45 different languages spoken
Company info
Security is becoming increasingly important to industries. Utimaco products have been protecting people from organized crime and terror as well as sensitive data from theft and abuse for over 35 years. To this end, Utimaco has developed hardware security modules and compliance solutions for telecommunications providers in the field of regulation. Utimaco is the global market leader in both segments. Utimaco stands for recognized product quality, userbility, excellent support and a market-driven offer, manufactured in Germany.
The central goal of protecting people, data and ideas is the commitment of more than 200 people to Utimaco.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése