Cég neve
ParshipMeet Group
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
ANALYTICS
SQL
PYTHON
R
BI
TABLEAU
POWER BI.
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
ANALYTICS
SQL
PYTHON
R
BI
TABLEAU
POWER
BI.
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Own the implementation of our Product Analytics strategy and bring the Business Insights vision to our product areas.
Act as a strategic partner in our product discovery streams, deriving data-driven recommendations for product decisions.
Evolve our KPI frameworks, analytics standards, and experimentation methods, ensuring quality and consistency.
Translate user and product data into clear actions, collaborating closely with Product, UX, Tech, and Research.
Build scalable reporting, monitoring, and decision-making mechanisms that empower product teams to work more autonomously and data-informed.
Advise Product Leads and senior stakeholders, communicating complex insights clearly, concisely, and with impact.
Strengthen the company's data and experimentation culture through enablement, best practices, and training initiatives.
Requirements
5+ years of professional experience in Product Analytics, Data/Decision Science, or Analytics Consulting within digital companies.
A strong ownership mentality: demonstrable experience taking end-to-end responsibility, reducing technical debt, and building scalable solutions.
Experience developing and running a measurement and reporting vision, including KPI architecture, event taxonomy, experimentation standards, and data SLAs.
Extensive experience with experimentation, funnel analyses, segmentation, retention, and growth metrics.
Strong SQL skills and hands-on experience with modern analytics stacks (e.g., Snowflake, dbt, Looker/Sigma, Amplitude), and the ability to build efficient and robust data models, as well as proficiency in Python or R and BI tools such as Sigma, Tableau, or Power BI.
Understanding of discovery methods, product strategy, and user-centered product development.
Ability to translate complex analyses into clear, strategic decisions and communicate them effectively to diverse stakeholders in meetings.
Very good English skills.
What we offer
Flexible working style
Part-time opportunities
Central office
Subsidized transportation
Training & Development plans
Food and soft drinks
Health benefits
Retirement plans
Shopping discounts
Volunteer opportunities
Legendary parties
Team Building Events
At ParshipMeet, we help millions of people around the globe meet, date, and fall in love. We want our teams to be as diverse as our customer base. Constantly adding new perspectives is key to our success. We will never judge anyone by age, sex, family background, color of skin, religious beliefs nor sexual orientation. For us, it's all about skills, competencies, and you as a human being!
Company info
With revenues of more than 375 million Euros and nine apps, ParshipMeet Group is one of the three leading international Dating and Video companies. Our more than 500 employees help users all over the world to meet others – whether it's like-minded people, an exciting date, or love for life. True to the motto: Meet – Date – Fall in Love.
Our new Business Insights team brings together Analytics and UX Research to enable more informed decision-making across product and business contexts. By connecting what people do, why they do it, and what impact their behavior has, we turn data into strategic recommendations. Our analysts (all genders) go far beyond reporting: They define success, challenge assumptions, and choose the right methods to support decisions that matter across the company.
As a Lead Product Analyst (all genders), you play a key role in building our modern, product-centric Insights function and shaping how data-informed product development is embedded in our Discovery and Delivery processes. You work directly with our product teams and act as a thought partner, sparring partner, and trusted advisor for Product Managers (all genders), Designers (all genders), and User Researchers (all genders).
Do you combine deep analytical craftsmanship with product intuition, strong storytelling, and the ability to translate complex data into clear decisions? Sounds like you? Then apply now and become part of our team!
You can also support us on a part-time basis (at least 32 hours per week).
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése