Cég neve
Tieto Germany GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
FRONTEND
BACKEND
SECURITY
CLOUD
AZURE
REACT
ANGULAR
JAVA
C
DATABASES
AGILE
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
FRONTEND
BACKEND
SECURITY
CLOUD
AZURE
REACT
ANGULAR
JAVA
C
DATABASES
AGILE
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a (Senior) Fullstack Developer, you will take ownership of technical solutions from concept to production, actively contributing to architecture, technology choices, and implementation quality. You will work closely with customers and interdisciplinary teams, contribute to technical decision-making, and ensure high-quality delivery across both frontend and backend.
Design, develop, and implement high-quality fullstack solutions for customer projects
Work directly with customers to understand business requirements and translate them into technical solutions
Develop scalable backend services and modern frontend applications
Ensure high standards for code quality, security, performance, and maintainability
Participate in customer workshops, agile ceremonies, and solution discussions
Stay up-to-date with emerging technologies and industry trends
Contribute to the design and implementation of cloud-native web solutions on hyperscaler platforms (e.g. Azure), including architecture decisions and best practices
Continuously evaluate and introduce new tools, frameworks, and practices
Requirements
4+ years of experience as Fullstack Developer
Strong proficiency both in frontend (e.g. React and/or Angular) and backend technologies (e.g. Java and/or C#)
Experience with RESTful APIs and microservices as well as with databases and cloud services
Strong communication skills and a customer-oriented mindset
A curious mindset and willingness to learn and share knowledge
Leverage AI-assisted development tools (e.g. GitHub Copilot) to improve code quality, productivity, documentation, and problem-solving
Familiarity with CI/CD pipelines and cloud-based deployment workflows
Critically evaluate and responsibly apply AI tools in day-to-day development workflows
Very good German and English skills
As a person, we believe you are a team player who takes action and demonstrates responsibility to organize your work and solve your tasks. With our agile end-to-end development process, you will continue to both learn from, and coach your colleagues, so communication is important for us. Technology is developing fast, so learning new innovative technologies is something you strive to do.
What we offer
We offer you professional growth, meaningful projects, open culture, and an outstanding work-life balance!
We offer you an opportunity to create the future of a growing, fast-developing, and important sector.
We believe that our organizational culture is an important part of enabling you to be successful.
We provide a flexible hybrid work model as part of our culture and way of working.
Finally, we also believe in curiosity and learning as a lifestyle where you need to unlearn and relearn every day as new possibilities emerge.
Location: Vienna, Linz, Graz, Berlin
Additional Information
At Tieto, we believe in the power of diversity, equity, and inclusion. We encourage applicants of all backgrounds, genders (m/f/d), and walks of life to join our team, as we believe that this fosters an inspiring workplace and fuels innovation. Our commitment to openness, trust, and diversity is at the heart of our mission to create digital futures that benefit businesses, societies, and humanity.
Diversity, equity and inclusion (tietoevry.com)
Company info
Tieto is a leading software and digital engineering services company with global market reach and capabilities. We provide customers across different industries with mission-critical solutions through our specialized software businesses Tieto Caretech, Tieto Banktech and Tieto Indtech, as well as Tieto Tech Consulting business. Join our 15 000 talented vertical software, design, cloud and AI experts and empower our customers to succeed and innovate with the latest technology.
Since 2000, Tieto has been represented in Germany. With about 100 experts, Tietoevry Germany is committed to develop enterprises and society through IT by realizing new opportunities in customers' business transformation.
We believe in professional development and results by supporting our customers on their journey into a meaningful digital future
Do you enjoy building end-to-end digital solutions and shaping them together with customers? At Tieto Tech Consulting, you will work across the full technology stack, influence technical decisions, and help transform business ideas into scalable, cloud-ready solutions. Do you enjoy working end-to-end on modern IT solutions and collaborating closely with customers? Then this role is for you!
We are looking for a (Senior) Fullstack Developer who wants to be part of Tieto Tech Consulting. Tieto Tech Consulting is the leading digital accelerator for innovation and sustainable value creation. We combine business design with software engineering to bring digital business to life.
With a global team of 9,000 colleagues, we are constantly striving to develop and grow. Our customers trust in our solutions, which is why we are continuously looking for new talents. We are continuing to strengthen our presence in the German market and are expanding our operations with a clear focus on future growth. To support this journey, we are looking for new colleagues to join our team in Berlin.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése