Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
HMI
TESTING
SECURITY
ISO
C++
LINUX
GIT
DEBUGGING
AGILE
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
HMI
TESTING
SECURITY
ISO
C++
LINUX
GIT
DEBUGGING
AGILE
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Főiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Your primary focus is on implementing HMI-related services, with the user interface to be developed using QML.
Your role involve working on both the functionality and visual aspects of the interface, ensuring a seamless and intuitive user experience
By collaborating closely with other developers, engineers and UX/UI experts you incorporate UI with system logic and real-time data, ensuring seamless integration of our software into the robotic system
You define and analyze software requirements and translate them into robust software solutions including coding, debugging, and testing
You identify potential software and cybersecurity risks and implement strategies to ensure product reliability, security and safety (ISO 25010)
If needed you create effective documentation, including software specifications and test plans, to support product development and regulatory submissions.
Requirements
A degree in computer science or a related field, alternatively comparable relevant experience
Proven experience (3-5 years) in software design and development, preferably in medical device industries.
Strong proficiency in C++ 17/20/23, Strong proficiency in the design and implementation of dynamic user interfaces using QML in combination with Qt6 framework
Experience in Linux and proficient in modern development tools (e.g. Git)
Excellent problem-solving skills, with the ability to address technical challenges and optimize software for performance and reliability
Agile mindset as well as good communication and teamwork skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with agile cross-functional teams
Fluency in English
Company info
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése