Cég neve
N26 GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Biztosított eszközök
Windows
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Windows
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
We are seeking an Engineering Manager to lead, manage and grow a group of talented engineers, working closely with product managers and various stakeholders from the business, focusing on interesting and exciting topics at N26.
The Customer Risk Lifecycle segment is responsible for the systems for managing anti money laundering and fraud risks. This role will be covering our Digital Identity team with mission of providing secure and frictionless authentication experience for our customers.
Support, invest in and develop an incredible team of talented and motivated engineers with clear expectations via practices such as 1:1s, goal setting, and constant feedback.
Recruit, manage and retain the best talent for the delivery teams.
Create growth opportunities for team members and address gaps via technical or non-technical skills mentoring and performance management. Help make our people shine!
Create a high performing and positive work environment based on transparency, accountability, and trust.
Collaborate with product managers and operations in project planning, dependency management, risk management and continuous process improvement for an optimal flow of value for customers and the business (with an appropriate use of metrics).
Connect with management and other teams to unblock dependencies, provide visibility and transparency to team progress on product initiatives
Requirements
Experience growing, coaching, mentoring and providing feedback to team members including having had difficult conversations
Experience managing and delivering impactful projects
Experience working on an rapidly evolving product in an agile environment
Strong leadership, planning and communication skills
Passionate about people, and improving the environment in which they work
Interested in working with a fast-paced and quickly growing company
Professional proficiency in written English
Nice to have:
Previous experience work in a FinTech company or exposure working in an environment enabling DevOps culture
A good understanding of infrastructure, operations and engineering.
What we offer
What's in it for you:
Accelerate your career growth by joining Germany's #1 Top Startup Employer, named by LinkedIn two years running
Personal development budget, discounted public transit pass, German language classes, fitness memberships, childcare services, N26 premium bank card, employee loans, and your choice of a Mac or Windows laptop
26 vacation days per year in Austria & Germany, with an additional day for each year of service - up to 30 days ; and 24 vacation days in Spain (up to 28 days)
A high degree of collaboration and autonomy while working with a group of international peers, getting things done attitude, and access to cutting edge technologies
Rotating selection of hot and cold drinks and snacks in the office, Friday Celebrations once per month with pizza, wine, and beer, plus a monthly company-wide lunch and learn
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it
Equal Opportunities
We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential. We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages.
Company info
About the opportunity:
Who we are
N26 has reimagined banking for today's digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it's how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use. We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings.
We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Corporate
Leadership, Management
Head
of IT
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése