Cég neve
ALDI Einkauf SE & Co. oHG
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
CLOUD
API
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
CLOUD
API
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Evaluate and critically challenge architecture proposals regarding scalability, maintainability, and Clean Core compliance
Ensure adherence to SAP Clean Core principles and standardized development guidelines for custom developments
Design and implement master data processes for materials, business partners, and real estate objects
Integrate SAP MM standard processes with MDM strategies and SAP BTP services
Manage data migration, harmonization, and governance in an international context
Collaborate closely with Enterprise Architecture, development teams, and business stakeholders
Continuously enhance data quality tools to improve master data quality in core retail processes
Requirements
Degree in Business Informatics or a comparable qualification
Several years of experience in SAP MDM and related modules (SAP MM, BP, RE-FX)
Deep understanding of master data architectures, governance, and SAP Clean Core principles
Experience with SAP S/4 HANA and SAP BTP (CAP, Fiori, Integration Suite, Workflow Management) as well as familiarity with SAP Fiori/UI5 and CDS Views
Expertise in modeling and maintaining business partners, articles, and real estate objects
Proven ability to assess and manage custom developments in line with SAP best practices
Strong capability to challenge architecture proposals and develop sustainable solutions
Knowledge of cloud integrations and API management
Very good German & English language skills, both spoken and written
What we offer
Modern Work Environment:
Work on the ALDI Nord campus with an open-space concept, company cafeteria, café, parent-child office, and parking garage including electric charging stations
Work-Life Balance:
Flexible working hours and a hybrid working model with the possibility of partial remote work (up to 40%) as well as 30 vacation days (full-time)
Mobility:
Free electric charging at the ALDI Nord campus, coverage for the Deutschlandticket, or a travel allowance
Healthcare & Prevention:
Company-owned gym as well as gym partnerships.
Onboarding & Training:
Structured onboarding and a variety of opportunities for personal and professional development (e.g., ALDI Academy, eLearning, etc.)
Impact & Team Power:
High degree of creative freedom and unbeatable team power in a high-performance work environment
Salary & Employee Discounts:
Secure job with the pioneer of discounts offering an attractive salary and corporate benefits
Company info
The ALDI Nord group is one of the leading food retailers. For over 110 years, ALDI has stood for the creation of the discount principle. Our mission is to provide people everywhere and anytime with their daily essentials: quality products at low prices – simply and quickly. This also includes making shopping as easy as possible for our customers. That's why we give our best every day and reinvent ourselves time and again. Combined talent and commitment - that is the POWER behind our success stories. Across Europe in 8 countries with around 5,400 stores and more than 91,000 employees. We are: Simply ALDI. Powered by people.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT
Consultant, Analyst, Auditor
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése