Cég neve
Lyncée Tec SA
Munkavégzés helye
Svájc
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
C
WPF
WINDOWS
C++
DATABASE
GIT
VISUAL STUDIO
Biztosított eszközök
Windows
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
C
WPF
WINDOWS
C++
DATABASE
GIT
VISUAL
STUDIO
Windows
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
C# Software Engineer
Are you a software engineer passionate about nanometric scale applications, 3D observations, real time applications, image processing for microscopy, and holography? Join us in our journey to deliver solutions for one of the most sought after, interesting and complex technologies devoted to the development of the holographic vision system for imaging.
Lyncée Tec is the pioneer of Digital Holography Microscopy (DHM®) and market leader. We address a wide range of applications in both materials and life sciences. Our systems are installed worldwide in renowned research and industrial laboratories, and for quality control in production facilities.
We provide with our systems full software solutions for acquisition, processing and analysis of data and are currently looking for looking for C# software engineers to reinforce our team. Our software competences range from developing highly optimized libraries for real-time processing, to elaborate graphical user interfaces for metrological applications.
Required skills:
Strong knowledge of C# and .NET
Good knowledge of WPF
Good knowledge of OO design and common design patterns, refactoring skills
Good knowledge of modern software development principles, concepts, and practices
Good communication and interpersonal skills
Positive team player who enjoys working collaboratively
Preferred skills:
Knowledge of signal/image processing
Good knowledge of modern multi-threaded development
Responsibilities:
Be responsible for developing back-end and front-end parts of our software solutions
Develop desktop windows application from scratch
Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code
Take part in requirements analysis, research implementation ways, and possibilities
Analyze and estimate implementation efforts, as well as provide technical solutions
Participate in regular software code reviews to ensure high performance, compact code
Education and languages
Master’s degree or equivalent in computer science, applied mathematics or a related domain
Proficiency in English. French is an asset
Our software stack:
Languages: C++, C++/CLI, C#
Frameworks: .NET, CUDA
Database: SQLite
Development tools: git, batch
IDE: Visual Studio jidcd61bd2pn jit0313pn jiy26pn
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Programmer,
Developer
Switzerland
Álláshirdetés jelentése