Cég neve
ZEISS
Munkavégzés helye
Németország
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárások
Angol felsőfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
Angol
felsőfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Define required template process adaptions (incl. business roles, system authorizations and data requirements) for multiple (parallel) SAP S/4HANA deployment projects
As per design governance, decide on process designs and/or facilitate decision-making in higher committees
Lead a Scrum Team and interaction with process experts from segment hubs/local entities and provide guidance on business process design aspects
Be a global process owner and ensure that rules & guidelines from global process owners are executed in the hub
Ensure alignment with global process owners and other deputy process owners on integration topics
Identify and align improvements of the global template with global process owners
Review and approve design, configuration and functional specification documents
If required, support in the design of test cases The stream Inbound to Outbound covers esp. the following process areas:
(Extended) warehouse management incl. inventory management, inbound/outbound processes, production integration and usage of mobile devices
Transportation management incl. freight order management, route planning and freight settlement
Quality management incl. claim management and quality inspection
Management of 3PL (third party logistics providers) incl. technical interfaces and processes Integration with logistics-related processes & systems e.g. AEB for foreign trade
Requirements
5+ years of relevant professional experience related to business process management
Excellent knowledge of end-to-end business processes for Inbound to Outbound
Proven methodological know-how on conducting workshops, project management and process design
Solid assertiveness in defending the global template
Strong decision-making acumen and ability to reach consensus/compromises on process designs among different stakeholders
Experience with SAP R/3 and SAP S/4HANA as well as relevant third-party business systems is a plus
Excellent conceptual, analytical and communication skills
Fluent in English, both written and spoken
Company info
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That's just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
Transportation,
Procurement, Logistics
Supply
Chain
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése