Cég neve
Karlsruher Institut für Technologie (KIT) Campus Nord
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
CLOUD
HARDWARE
C++
PYTHON
LINUX
GIT
Elvárások
Angol középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
CLOUD
HARDWARE
C++
PYTHON
LINUX
GIT
Angol
középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Egyetem

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
Earth system models (ESMs) are highly complex software systems that have often developed over several decades. In addition to the core model that com­putes meteorological processes, an ESM includes a wide range of specialized submodels - such as those for cloud microphysics or atmospheric chemistry - interconnected through well-defined interfaces. The computational demands of ESMs are immense, but their high degree of parallelism enables long-term climate simulations on modern HPC clusters. Continuously adapting these models to the latest hardware and software developments remains an ongoing challenge.
Your responsibilities in this area will include the following tasks (in close collab­oration with domain scientists):
Ensuring the sustainability of community ESM codes, and enabling the adop­tion of modern HPC systems
Enabling and improving high-performance computing capabilities of ESM codes, including performance optimization
Contributing to porting ESM codes to heterogeneous HPC architectures, in­cluding GPU-accelerated systems
Participation in model developments with regard to the further development of an improved simulation of the Earth system
Participate in the NHR ESM community through software development support and user outreach
Carrying out own research in atmospheric modeling, including running and ana­lyzing ESM simulations
Participating in scientific conferences and contributing to peer-reviewed publi­cations
Requirements
Degree (Master's level) and doctorate in atmospheric research, computer science, physics, engineering or a related field
Strong knowledge in the programming languages Fortran, C++, and Python
Solid background in build engineering, including Makefile development, compiler configurations, build optimization, and experience with Linux-based HPC clusters
Good software development practices, including version control with Git, doc­umentation, and CI/CD workflows
Substantial experience with distributed- and shared-memory parallelization using MPI and OpenMP. Additional background in developing for heteroge­neous architectures (e.g., CUDA or ROCm) is advantageous
Familiarity with modern deep learning frameworks (e.g., PyTorch or Tensor­Flow) and contemporary AI models, such as transformer-based models or convolutional neural networks, is advantageous
Strong communication and presentation skills and the ability and motivation to work effectively in a team
Good written and spoken English skills; German language skills are an advantage
What we offer
of staff of the only German University of Excellence that conducts large-scale research on the national level. Work under excellent working conditions in an international environment and be active in research and aca­demic education for our future. Benefit from specific training when starting your job and from a wide range of further qualification offers. Use our flexible working time models (flexitime, work from home), our sports and leisure offers, as well as our child and holiday care services. We also pay a share of EUR 25/month in the Job Ticket Baden-Württemberg. Enjoy a large variety of dishes, snacks, and beverages at our canteens.
We prefer to balance the number of employees (f/m/d). Therefore we kindly ask female applicants to apply for this job.
Recognized severely disabled persons will be preferred if they are equally qualified.
Company info
Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) – The University in the Helmholtz Association
In close partnership with society, KIT develops solutions for urgent challenges – from climate change, energy transition and sustainable use of natural resources to artificial intelligence, sovereignty and an aging population. As The University in the Helmholtz Association, KIT unites scientific excellence from insight to application-driven research under one roof – and is thus in a unique position to drive this transformation. As a University of Excellence, KIT offers its more than 10,000 employees and 22,800 students outstanding opportunities to shape a sustainable and resilient future.
KIT – Science for Impact
.
We are looking for the Scientific Computing Center (SCC) as soon as possible and limited for up to 2 years for a
Research Software Engineer / Scientific Researcher (m/f/d)
The Scientific Computing Center is the Information Technology Center of KIT.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
Database
Expert
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése