Cég neve
Finatycs GmbH
Munkavégzés helye
Hibrid
•
Berlin
Kis türelmet...
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő
Általános munkarend
Elvárt technológiák
SAP
ABAP
CLOUD
AGILE
Elvárások
Angol középfok és
Német középfok
1-3 év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Teljes
munkaidő
Általános
munkarend
SAP
ABAP
CLOUD
AGILE
Angol
középfok és Német középfok
1-3
év tapasztalat
Középiskola

Állás leírása
Responsibilities
As a Senior SAP ABAP Developer you will independently work on commercial business processes of our customers and map them in their SAP systems
You will be responsible for the continuous and further development of the system landscape as well as the interface development
Implement development orders in an agile project environment
You will not only be working with us on exciting S/4 HANA projects but also get the chance to (partially) lead the projects
You will provide technical guidance to our junior consultants in individual projects and provide them with task packages
You continuously develop the SAP solutions of our customers based on ABAP / ABAP OO/ / ABAP on HANA / RAP and find individual solutions beyond the SAP standard in SAP S/4HANA Public & Private Cloud Environment
Requirements
At least 5 years' strong experience with ABAP, ABAP-OO, ODATA,
Participated in at least 3 end-to-end implementation projects with minimum of 1 in S/4HANA.
Technical basic knowledge of the SAP modules FI, SD and/or MM and experience in SAP UI5, SAP Fiori and Integration techniques to SAP, external systems and BTP will be an added advantage
The ability to quickly and independently familiarize yourself with new processes and technologies
You convince your customers and colleagues with your solution-oriented, independent, structured and team-oriented way of working
A very good understanding of processes beyond your own area of responsibility and are characterized by sociability, strong communication skills and a self-confident, customer-oriented appearance
Good German language skills as well as good English skills.
Willingness to travel to client sites.
What we offer
Work-life balance:
A permanent employment contract, 35 days of annual leave (for a full-time position), flexible working hours and hybrid working setup provide you with the opportunity to create a balance between your professional and personal life.
Responsibility and Development:
Whether you're a junior or senior, from day one, you take on responsibility with us because our motto is 'learning by doing.' To support you in this, we collaboratively create an individual development path for your career, which we validate annually in a joint employee discussion.
Team Spirit:
Our team is diverse and comes from various corners of the world. To strengthen our collaboration, we highly value regular on-site meetings, where we not only work together on projects but also celebrate fantastic events as a team.
Company info
Custom-made consulting services that are close to the client and their challenges:
this was the vision of three consultants who wanted to provide their clients with fast, efficient, and high-quality solutions for accounting, controlling, and IT. With the goal of not only providing better consulting but also being actively involved, we founded Finatycs GmbH in 2018. Since then, we and our team have been working in close cooperation with our clients as a trustworthy partner, successfully supporting them in sustainable process, organizational, and workflow optimization measures. We design information structures so that internal and external requirements can be met efficiently and in line with quality standards.
You don't just want to manage projects – you want to drive real transformation. Then Finatycs is the place for you!
As a Senior SAP ABAP Developer, you will be a key player in our growing team, guiding renowned clients through their transformation journeys – from the initial idea to successful implementation.
Work location:
Remote, with on-site work at client locations depending on the project.
How to apply
You can submit your application on the company's website, which you can access by clicking the „Apply on company page“ button.
Jelentkezés a cégnél
MENTÉS
Állás, munka területe(i)
IT
Development
IT,
Development Manager
Germany
Álláshirdetés jelentése