Senior Design Engineer
Place of work
Galvaniho 7, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Type of contract
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (minimum gross)
2 300 EUR/month
WHY is working at FRAMATOME unique:
Framatome is aiming to give the world a carbon free and reliable energy for the future through nuclear energy.
As the working environment is unique and he added value brought is
only possible with talented individuals
, open communication and trust are the foundation of our way of acting.
We believe in our employees and give them everything required to succeed.
They are our main asset.
Our employees are creating, designing, and also changing within an organization that only exists thanks to their curiosity and eagerness to learn and improve the world.
HOW do we achieve our goals:
Our Senior Design Engineers for I&C (Instrumentation & Control) systems deal with specification of safety systems used in nuclear power plants worldwide.
The goal of safety I&C (Instrumentation & Control) systems is to execute the plant shut down or countermeasures to prevent and minimize consequences of accidents which may occur during plants operation.
They are parts of the safety I&C design section within the worldwide Framatome I&C design department. In collaboration with national and international teams they are involved in:
Elaboration of basic design documentation related to planning and specification starting from collection of functional and non-functional needs
Specification of design solutions covering various aspects of systems design as system architecture, sizing, implementation of safety functions, handling of interfaces, monitoring, periodic testing
Detailed specification of safety I&C functions in a graphical form complemented with design data
After gaining of knowhow they lead teams designing I&C system, managing the interfaces with all the stakeholders, including activities follow-up and reporting.
Or they become experts in I&C system design.
We are looking for someone with …
Master's degree in Technical Engineering (Automation Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Physics, etc.)
+3 years of experience with design of DCS/PLC based I&C systems
Technical rigorousness and focus on details
Ability to communicate and elaborate technical documentation in English
Willingness to work in an international team on long term projects
Motivation to develop
Willingness to travel for occasional short business trips
As an advantage is considered experience with ...
Design of safety critical I&C systems (e.g. redundant systems in Oil & Gas industry )
Team leading and technical coordination
Joining Framatome Controls means...
Professional and personal development opportunities - Tailored trainings to involve you onthe position - Mentorship by manager, senior colleagues and your team to develop all necessary competencies - Skills when working with other Framatome branches (mainly with Framatome Germany or France) Note: Every employee can choose when to start and end his workday between 6 am and 6 pm. The two requirements are to reach the number of daily hours required (8hrs/day) and to be available during the core hours (i.e. between 9 am and 3 pm). Financial rewards: - At least 2300 EUR gross/month - 13th Salary - Yearly salary review - Welcome bonus Other bonuses: - Annual performance bonus - Language course allowance (German, English or French) - Bonus for successful referral of new employee
Contact
Please send your
CV in English
or questions about this position to:
Quentin Trembleau
quentin.trembleau.ext@framatome.com
Framatome Controls s. r. o., Galvaniho 7, 821 04 Bratislava
www.framatome.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
3814272
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.10.2025
2025-10-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Design Engineer
,
Electrical Engineer
,
IC Design Engineer
,
Process Engineer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Framatome Controls s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 300 EUR/month