Data Engineer for Banking
The Capital Markets Company Slovakia, s. r. o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 200 EUR/month
Competitive Compensation – Starting from €2,200/month (adjusted based on experience) + annual bonus & benefits package.

 Long-term career – Indefinite period contract with opportunities for career growth.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We’re growing our team to support banking clients with cutting-edge data-driven transformation projects. As a Data Engineer, you will:
Collaborate in agile teams to develop data solutions for some of the largest global banks.
Modernize and optimize data management processes.
Design and implement state-of-the-art data architectures.
Take ownership of topics and gradually lead sub-projects or small project teams.
Employee perks, benefits
Prestigious Clients & Exciting Projects – Work with top-tier banks on transformation projects that redefine financial services.
Continuous Learning & Development – Access to technical and soft skills training, professional certifications, and full access to the Udemy online learning platform.
Flexible Work Environment – Work from our modern Bratislava office (Nivy Tower) or remotely from home.
Well-being & Community Engagement – Join yoga lessons, mental health webinars, running challenges, sports activities, or participate in our volunteering days.
Attractive Benefits Package:
Private health care & fully paid sick leave & sick days
25 vacation days (regardless of age)
Monthly cafeteria allowance (€50/month) or contribution to the 3rd pillar
Fully paid meal vouchers
Smartphone with 1TB data + Laptop
Relaxing office environment: Fresh fruit, game room (PS4, table football), pet-friendly space
At Capco, we prioritize your career growth and well-being. You will have a personal coach to support your development and a flat hierarchy that encourages you to share and implement your ideas. Plus, our team events, sports activities, and networking opportunities help you stay connected and engaged beyond work.
Information about the selection process
Privacy policy you can find here - https://www.capco.com/Data-privacy-notice
Have we made you curious? Then apply now! It takes only 5 minutes.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
University degree in a relevant field
Fluent English (German is a plus)
3+ years of experience with SQL
Proficiency in Python
Cloud technologies expertise – Google Cloud, Azure, or AWS
Big Data & Enterprise-scale Data Platforms experience
Consulting or banking background (a plus)
Knowledge of Actimize SAM Data Structure or AML (advantageous)
At Capco, we specialize in management consulting and software development, partnering with leading international banks and insurance companies across Western Europe. Our innovative approach and collaborative culture make us the ideal place for professionals looking to make an impact in financial services technology.
Want to learn more about our culture and people? Visit us: https://www.capco.com/Careers/Slovakia
Number of employees
100-149 employees
Contact
Contact person: Zora Paulikova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4456718
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.10.2025
2025-10-23
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
Financial Analyst
,
IT Analyst
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
The Capital Markets Company Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month