Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior ServiceNow Developer/ Senior Application Developer (REF512J) + Sign on Bonus 2000 EUR
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 100 - 3 700 EUR/month
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 3100€ /brutto.
As a dynamic, flat and international organization, we shape the future of Deutsche Telekom IT in integrated teams consisting of all relevant competencies – it goes without saying that Telekom customers are also part of these teams.
We are looking for ambitious and driven ServiceNow developers to join our team to deliver solutions for Business-to-Business clients. The main goal of our products is to reduce complexity, orchestrate the Digital Order processes within Magenta Business and create new cutting-edge products for both internal and external customers. You will have the opportunity to work directly with leading experts in the industry, mentor young professionals and contribute to the overall IT strategy by joining our Center of Excellence
What will you do?
Develop new solutions based on technical best practices
Actively collaborate with the customer to understand their needs and the business requirements
Analyze customer’s requirements and propose comprehensive solution
Provide project estimates and participate on bug fixing
Ensure high quality code by participating in testing and following industry standards
Write and update regularly technical documentation
Mentoring for junior developers
You will succeed if you:
Have at least Bachelor's degree in Information technologies
Have minimum 3 years of experience with ServiceNow platform
Have experience within the field of software development (JavaScript, REACT, Angular JS) and with agile software development methodologies (e.g. Scrum)
Have strong knowledge and expertise in building workflows
Are ServiceNow Certified System Administrator (Mandatory)
Are Certified Application Developer (Preferred)
Speak English at least on B2 level
Have skills and knowledge of SQL and Web services
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
3 100 - 3 700 EUR/month
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 3100€ /brutto.
Contact
Contact person: Cecilia Kotercova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4572241
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.10.2025
2025-10-16
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Backend developer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 100 EUR/month