Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Lead Application Developer (REF502S) Back-End + Sign on Bonus 3000 EUR
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 4 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.

We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 4100 € /gross.
Our mission:
As a dynamic, flat and international organization, we shape the future of Deutsche Telekom IT in integrated teams consisting of all relevant competencies – it goes without saying that Telekom customers are also part of these teams.
Our Focus:
Architectural Evolution: We're dedicated to transitioning from monolithic systems to a decoupled API architecture, improving efficiency, reliability, and enabling scalability.
Cloud Transition: Our work involves utilizing top-tier cloud solutions including AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud, as well as our private cloud for sensitive data. We're in the process of migrating from on-premise setups to a more robust, scalable cloud infrastructure.
Cutting-Edge Technology: We stay on the forefront of the tech industry by actively employing modern technologies, fostering an environment that encourages learning and professional growth.
Agile Collaboration: We believe in the power of teamwork and adaptability. By implementing the Scrum methodology and SAFe in our biggest projects, we ensure dynamic collaboration and efficient workflow across all levels of our organization.
Innovation & Value Creation: Our teams are constantly pushing the boundaries, redesigning current solutions to fit contemporary standards, and embarking on greenfield projects with high business potential. Through strategic prototyping, we continuously unearth fresh ideas and cultivate a culture of constant innovation.
Lead Application Developer handles all phases of software development lifecycle by himself, provides professional support in the field of deep system analysis, technical documentation, building related infrastructure for developed application by prototyping, research, performs role of lead development architect, substitutes the role of project manager in case of small or midsize software projects, serves as professional mentor. Holder of the position discuss and aid the Product owners or Product managers to make sure that the development team and technologies being selected are aligned with the business' goals and vision of the company and product. Lead Application Developer is responsible for technical project management within planning phases.
What will you do?
Develop new and maintain existing source code of applications
Works in SCRUM team on developing and building complex application solutions for customer DTAG
Serve as professional mentor for junior, medior, senior developers
Listen to user requests, consult with internal /external customers, project managers,
Analyze of customer’s requirements and propose overall application / framework design of midsize application architecture, provide complex business analysis in order to build application functionality
Provides project estimates, timeline and bug fixing and report it to customer for budget planning in advance
Implements customer’s requirements based on specification in selected object-oriented programming language into functional and user-friendly application
Provides testing of programmed functionality before deployment to avoid bugs and ensure quality of code
Implements security concept according to PSA policy in developed application to ensure accordance with DTAG standards
Mentoring
Take part on internal evaluation processes
Product responsibility from technology point of view.
Negation with PO/PM about technology stacks used in project.
You will succeed if you:
Have Master Degree of Information Technologies
Have minimum 7 years experience  at ICT Systems Engineering
Have any experience in Senior Application development position.
Hold certificate in Technology stack which is used by concrete person (for example Java – OCP, .Net – MCSA)
Are expert in programming
Have overview of HW/SW and General IT Skills
Are advanced at Soft skills such as Communication, Team Cooperation, Mentoring, Product management
Speak English at least on B2 level
Other criteria or requirements
Experience in Senior Application development position
Tech Stack
For our projects, we are searching for developers within preferred stacks (Front end, Back end or Full stack):
Tech. stack 1: Java, Spring Boot
Tech. stack 2: Angular, React, VueJS
Tech. stack 3:  C#
Additional preferred knowledge/experience (as an advantage): any testing tool/framework, Kubernetes, Docker, Microservices, Git, cloud technologies (AWS, Azure, Google), DB
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 4 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.

We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 4100 € /gross.
Contact
Contact person: Cecilia Kotercova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4575980
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.11.2025
2025-11-05
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
ICT Specialist
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 100 EUR/month