SAP Consultant Data Migration Service
Location:
Bratislava
Minimum salary:
2 700 EUR/month
Contract type:
full-time
Your role
Position: SAP Consultant Data Migration Service
Are you passionate about exploring new technologies? As a key member of our SAP Consulting Service Line, you'll embark on exciting projects across Europe and North America, playing a crucial role in mass data modification initiatives using our cutting-edge Transformation Tool.
Our tool facilitates seamless migration between ECC to S/4HANA, employing the innovative SNP BLUEFIELD approach. This means selective data migration or choosing specific periods or domains based on predefined mapping and integration rules, ensuring a swift conversion to the new system within just 48 hours.
Key Responsibilities:
Technical support of SAP transformation projects from kick off to project completion
Technical analysis of complex SAP system landscapes of our customers
Development, implementation and technical testing of transformation and migration solutions
Translation of functional migration concepts and rule set definition into technical implementation with SNP CrystalBridge®.
Configuration of our standard software SNP CrystalBridge® according to the migration blueprint and the rule set
Application of our standard software SNP CrystalBridge® for the transformation of SAP systems in the course of migrations to S/4 HANA, post-merger & system mergers, carve outs, organizational changes & conversions, chart of accounts and controlling area harmonization, SAP New G/L migrations
Your skills
• Solid knowledge in at least one SAP module (Finance module or Logistic is preferred, eWM big plus)
• Expertise of SAP Data migration migration projects is a plus
• Experience in programming ABAP and SAP DDIC
• Communicative and willing to learn new things
Presentation skills
• Interest in migrations projects
• Fluent English in speaking and writing, any other European language is an advantage
Benefits
Extra beneficial paid sick leave
Fully covered lunch allowance
Budget for personal wellbeing from 450€ up to 1100€(based on years of employment)
Up to 2000€ referral bonus
Sick days
Multisport card
Sabbatical leave
Extra vacation on round work anniversaries
Possibility to travel abroad
Flexible working time
Home office possibilities
Worldwide travel insurance
Teambuilding events
Exciting challenges and personal development opportunities
Language classes and other training opportunities
Apply now
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Your HR contact
Angelica Iannuzzi
Recruitment Specialist
In what language should I send my CV?
Please send your CV in English. It‘s possible that your manager is located in Germany or is not native in Slovak.
What does the interview process look like?
The interview process typically consists of:
A short 15-minute introductory call with the HR department.
A 1-hour interview with the hiring manager and HR.
Depending on the position, a 20-minute call with a colleague from Germany or a department head.
Will there be any assessments or tests as part of the recruitment process?
Yes, for specific positions, we may require candidates to take tests. The types of tests may vary depending on the position.
For more information about SNP Group visit:
www.snpgroup.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4766976
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.11.2025
2025-11-17
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
SNP Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month