About us
Open positions
Benefits
Contact
Software Developer SAP Platform
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary *
From 2 800 EUR/month
Contract type
full-time
* Of course, an overpayment is possible depending on the respective training, qualification and professional experience. The gross salary is based on these aforementioned criteria and is finally determined after the personal interview.
Henkel operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in two exciting business areas: Consumer Brands (Laundry & Home Care and Beauty Care) and Adhesive Technologies. Our success is built on constant innovation and people who strive for excellence. Working at Henkel is much more than just a job. It's a passion. Have you got what it takes?
About the team
SAP Platform Development team is part of the Henkels’ Value Chain Platform which consists of state-of-the-art-technologies and offers best-in-class services to support efficient business operations.

The teams’ focus is on defining and executing Henkels’ Custom Code Management Strategy, with initiatives like SAP Development governance, governance of SAP developers, unused code decommissioning and others. As experts on custom code, we are also in the driving seat on the development topics of S/4HANA conversion projects across Henkel.

As a team we enjoy very strong team cohesion and high team spirit which enables us to deliver more value and to develop ourselves and each other. Are you ready to join us?
Your role
Are you ready to take your development career to the next step? Become part of international SAP Platform development team and contribute to developing the future. We are on a lookout for someone who can leverage their expertise in SAP development and their insight into SAP systems to bolster and drive forward Henkel Custom Code Management Strategy.
Participate in S/4HANA transformation of Henkel SAP systems.
Contribute to shaping and driving Custom Code Strategy of Henkel.
Define development standards and contribute to monitoring the adherence to the standards.
Manage global demands and alignment with stakeholders, offering strong technical knowledge in area of SAP Development.
Contribute with your knowledge and experience to enable smooth and stable Henkel business operations worldwide.
Support solution design and deliver state of the art solutions.
Act as a role model for other peers and colleagues in international environment.
Your skills
Proven experience as SAP developer
Experience with S/4HANA conversion
Experience with ABAP Test Cockpit
Strong interpersonal skills for collaborating with global teams and bridging communication
General insight into various SAP technologies
Can contribute to architectural decision making
HANA DB performance optimization
RAP/BTP knowledge is an advantage
Upgrade stable and cloud ready development principles
Analytical thinking, solution-oriented approach, self-drive
Benefits we offer
Flexible work scheme with flexible hours, hybrid work model and up to 30 days per year for remote work abroad
Diverse national and international growth opportunities
Globally applicable well-being standards, including health and preventive care programs
Gender-neutral parental leave for a minimum of 8 weeks
Employee Share Plan with voluntary investment and Henkel matching shares
13th salary, incentives
Cafeteria benefit system, Multisport card
Henkel shop and Henkel nursery school
Extra paid days off for special life situations, referral and relocation bonus
#HenkelSlovensko
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4774681
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.11.2025
2025-11-03
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
ABAP Programmer
,
Frontend developer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
HENKEL SLOVENSKO, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month