Service Engineer (Air Traffic Management)
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Place of work
Karadžičova 8, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
Minimum 3 000 € brutto. Freelancer´s hourly rate upon agreement. The final basic wage component will be adjusted to individual skills and experience of selected candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
​
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services (FSS)
as a member of the Austrian Group FREQUENTIS AG, is focused on software development, system engineering and delivery of safety-critical voice communication and information systems. Our solutions are developed and distributed in the following business segments:
Air Traffic Management & Defence
(civil and military air traffic control, aeronautical information management),
Public Safety
(police, fire and rescue services, emergency medical services) and
Public Transport & Maritime
(railway and urban transport solutions, vessel traffic management).
Would you like to make the world a safer place and work on an exciting project in a safety-critical domain?
​
Join our team and help us make our solutions even more reliable.  Work for an international technological leader and enjoy the benefits of flexible working arrangements and our focus on a good work-life balance.
As a Service Engineer, you will coordinate the technical specification, integration, and acceptance of technical solutions in Automation Solutions for air traffic control. You will perform this role in coordination with a motivated System Engineering Team. Are you ready for take-off?
Main responsibilities:
Setup, integration, and acceptance of a system remotely and at the customer's site
Acting as the technical contact person for the customer within projects
Configuration and commissioning of commercially available IT and network components in a security-critical environment
Documentation
Cooperation with the Test and Development departments
Participate in acceptance tests together with the customer and other key stakeholders
Technical Skills & Competencies:
At least 3 years of relevant professional experience as a system engineer or system administrator
Very good Linux knowledge and practical experience
Knowledge of Ansible
Scripting
Extensive experience with networks (Layer2 + Layer3)
Experience with SBC & PABX
Ideally protocol knowledge (UDP, TCP, Multicast)
Professional interaction with customers (mainly technical personnel)
Knowledge of Kubernetes, Docker are an advantage
Employee perks, benefits
• Training and development program (business and product trainings, language course)
• Employee Referral Program (financial reward for recommending a successful candidate
• Employee assistance program (law consultations, finance/tax consultations, psychological assistance paid by employer)
• Meal contribution fully paid by the company
• Multisport card/Pension scheme contribution (DDS)
• Flexible working hours, home office
• Refreshments, company & team events
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Information Technology, Telecommunications
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
Willingness to travel abroad to Vienna
(
3x/week,
with the possibility to use shared company cars)
You are flexible, self-driven, dedicated, goal-oriented and structured in how you approach your work.
You can integrate yourself into a larger cooperation, follow corporate processes.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Our Bratislava-based company FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is part of the Austrian FREQUENTIS group (www.frequentis.com). We are a leading global supplier of communication and information solutions for safety-critical applications, such as for air traffic control towers, public safety control rooms (112) or air defense forces. Our mission-critical solutions cover diverse areas, such as telephony and radio communication, Geographical Information Systems (GIS), incident and resource management, video surveillance and automatic video analytics.
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is specialized in software development and project delivery. Together with our parent company we are developing FREQUENTIS’ next generation control room solutions, using state-of-the-art technologies and processes. Our delivery teams then deploy those solutions at our customers around the globe, with responsibility for commercial and technical project management, engineering and quality assurance.
To grow our team, we are constantly looking for talents in all these fields. Our company offers an interesting and challenging technical environment, a people-focused culture with emphasis on a good work-life-balance and, if desired, a long-term development and career opportunities.
For our customers, lives may be at stake and seconds count. Our solutions thus need to be developed to the highest standards when it comes to usability and reliability. Safety is what guides us from the first designs till the final tests of any of our solutions. If those are the kinds of challenges that excite you, then you have come to the right place!
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Eva Lajchová
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4827999
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.3.2026
2026-03-12
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Systems Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month