Fresh Graduate Junior SAP Consultant, become Specialist in SAP
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary:
1 600 EUR/month
Contract type:
full-time, part-time
Your role
Are you a fresh graduate eager to start your career in a global software company? Do you have a passion for technology, data, and innovative solutions? Then this is your chance! We are looking for motivated Junior SAP Consultants to join our team and grow into SAP transformation experts.
What We Offer:
Comprehensive training program covering SAP, consulting, and ABAP programming
Hands-on experience in international projects with leading companies
A supportive environment to develop your skills in data transformation and IT consulting
Your Role:
Learn how to analyze and optimize SAP system landscapes
Support data transformation projects for Mergers, Acquisitions, and ERP restructuring
Work closely with clients to develop technical solutions for data migration
Gain hands-on experience using our CrystalBridge® platform
Your skills
Recently graduated or in the final year of studies in Business Informatics, Computer Science, Engineering, or Economics
Strong interest in IT, databases, and programming (prior experience is a plus!)
Analytical mindset and problem-solving skills
Self-motivated, organized, and eager to learn and grow
Fluent English (German is a plus)
Benefits
Extra beneficial paid sick leave
Fully covered lunch allowance
Budget for personal wellbeing from 450€ up to 1100€(based on years of employment)
Up to 2000€ referral bonus
Sick days
Multisport card
Sabbatical leave
Extra vacation on round work anniversaries
Possibility to travel abroad
Flexible working time
Home office possibilities
Worldwide travel insurance
Teambuilding events
Exciting challenges and personal development opportunities
Language classes and other training opportunities
Apply now
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Your HR contact
Angelica Iannuzzi
Recruitment Specialist
In what language should I send my CV?
Please send your CV in English. It‘s possible that your manager is located in Germany or is not native in Slovak.
What does the interview process look like?
The interview process typically consists of:
A short 15-minute introductory call with the HR department.
A 1-hour interview with the hiring manager and HR.
Depending on the position, a 20-minute call with a colleague from Germany or a department head.
Will there be any assessments or tests as part of the recruitment process?
Yes, for specific positions, we may require candidates to take tests. The types of tests may vary depending on the position.
For more information about SNP Group visit:
www.snpgroup.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4837799
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.10.2025
2025-10-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
,
IT Project Manager
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
SNP Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 600 EUR/month