O SPOLOČNOSTI
NAŠE SLUŽBY
PRE KANDIDÁTOV
KONTAKT
DevOps / Automation Engineer
Information about the position
Place of work:
Bratislava
Wage (gross):
From 3 500 EUR/month
final monthly basic salary is based on candidate´s professional experience, skills and knowledge *
Start date:
by agreement
Contract type:
full-time
Job description, responsibilities and duties
- Assist in the administration and maintenance of application environments.
- Monitor and manage  clusters/containers to ensure high availability and performance  with maintaining Kubernetes and Docker, Helm, GIT  would be a plus
- Good understanding of engineering practices, e.g. test automation, CI/CD, Release automation
- Troubleshoot and resolve issues related to application deployments.
- Collaborate with development and operations teams to support CI/CD processes.
- Contribute to the improvement of our deployment automation tools and practices.
- Document procedures and configurations to maintain knowledge base.
Information about the selection process
* We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. Your actual final salary is based on your professional competencies, skills, qualifications and experience matching the position.
If you are interested in our offer, send your CV in Slovak or English to ivana.jurikova@prohr.sk. Please, specify the position of your interest in the subject of message.
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Stable IT company.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field.
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
- Experience with Linux/Unix environments.
- Understanding of microservice and event-driven architectures and DevOps experience  with maintaining containerization / container orchestration (Docker, Helm, Kubernetes)
- Experience with cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud).
- Knowledge of scripting languages (e.g., Bash, Python).
- GIT would be a plus
- Good understanding of engineering practices, e.g. test automation, CI/CD, Release automation
- Familiarity with CI/CD tools and processes.
- Understanding of networking and security principles.
- Experience with monitoring tools (e.g., Prometheus, Grafana...).
- Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
- Excellent communication and teamwork skills.
- Willingness to learn and adapt to new technologies.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Pro HR, s.r.o. je personálno-poradenská spoločnosť špecializujúca sa na oblasť služieb recruiting & selection, executive search a HR consulting. Svojim klientom poskytujeme individuálny prístup k riešeniu otázky zabezpečenia kvalifikovaných zamestnancov. Pro HR realizuje vyhľadávanie a výber kandidátov aktívnym a priamym spôsobom prostredníctvom služieb recruiting & selection a executive search.
Konzultanti spoločnosti permanentne mapujú trh, poznajú aký typ zamestnancov sa nachádza v spoločnostiach s podobným zameraním klienta, príp. konkrétne vhodné pozície s ich náplňou a zodpovednosťami v iných spoločnostiach. Na základe ich znalosti je možné priamo osloviť potenciálne vhodného kandidáta s požadovaným súborom znalostí a skúsenosti.
Spoločnosť Pro HR, s.r.o. sa v oblasti vyhladávania a výberu kandidátov špecializuje na cieľovú skupinu:
1. nižší, stredný, vyšší manažment
2. špecializované pozície – financie, predaj & marketing, logistika & nákup, procesy a kvalita, project management & stratégia + support, CRM
3. IT/telco technické pozície, Help Desk pozície (IT a telco špecialisti, programátori, analytici, SW architekti, projektoví manažéri, atď.)
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
10-19 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Ivana Juríková
Tel.:
+421 911 189 261
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4893476
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.11.2025
2025-11-07
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
DevOps Engineer
,
IT Consultant
,
IT System Administrator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Systems Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Pro HR
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month