O nás
Voľné pozície
Benefity
EN
SK
Staň sa súčasťou tímu vizionárov
Vytvárajme spolu budúcnosť kybernetickej bezpečnosti
späť na voľné pracovné miesta
Enterprise Cyber-Resilience Architect
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 4 300 EUR/month
The final basic wage component can be adjusted accordingly to individual skills and experience of selected candidate.
Performance bonus 2 times per year up to 20% of the basic salary paid for the evaluation period (usually 6 months)
Contract type
full-time
In 2022, ESET has launched global Corporate Solutions Division, dedicated to support large companies and public institutions with bespoke cyber security solutions.
The Corporate Solution (CS) division is scaling up its cyber security professional services team that advise our corporate clients.
We are seeking a talented and experienced Solution Architect  to join our team. The Solution Architect will collaborate with clients and internal teams to designs and oversees the implementation of customized cyber security solutions. You will leverage your technical knowledge and industry expertise to design and implement security solutions ensuring the protection of critical data and infrastructure.
Your responsibilities:
Solution Design:
Work closely with client teams to understand their specific security requirements and challenges.
Propose comprehensive security architectures and solutions tailored to meet client needs.
Coordinate and communicate with internal technology teams, 3rd parties’ experts to understand solution, required delivery & deployment costs and propose required time plan.
Create related documentation, including architectural diagrams, time plan and costs estimates, to communicate proposed solutions effectively towards clients teams.
Risk Assessment and Mitigation:
Analyzing existing security measures and identifying areas of vulnerability or improvement
Conduct risk assessment, provide recommendations to mitigate security risks to enhance resilience and work to understand the specific security needs of the organization.
Implementation Oversight:
Guiding and overseeing the deployment of security solutions.
Collaborate with other teams and departments to ensure smooth and efficient implementation.
Security Policy and Compliance:
Establish and enforce security policies, standards, and best practices.
Monitor compliance with security policies and regulations, making adjustments as needed.
Continuous Improvement:
Regularly reviewing and updating security architectures in response to evolving threats and technological advancements.
Conduct post-implementation reviews to assess the effectiveness of the security solutions.
Technical Leadership:
Provide technical leadership and guidance to cross-functional teams.
Have detailed knowledge about technical aspects of environments (architecture, infrastructure, OS, databases, etc.), their advantages / disadvantages / limits in order to be able to provide best potential solutions / configurations of security products in customer’s environment.
Evaluate and recommend new security technologies and solutions to enhance the organization's security posture.
Vendors Management:
Continuously evaluating and selecting security products and services from vendors to improve our go to market offerings.
Our requirements:
Master’s degree in Cyber Security, Information Technology, or related field.
Proven experience as a Solution Architect.
In-depth knowledge of cyber security principles, best practices, and technologies.
Skills in communication, project management, and strategic planning
Familiarity with security frameworks and compliance standards (e.g., NIST, ISO 27001).
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Nice to have:
Certifications such as CISSP, CISM, or CISA
Experience with cloud security (e.g., AWS, Azure)
Kontaktná osoba
Nicole Vajdová
Poslať životopis
BENEFITY PRE TEBA
Flexibilita
Firemné podujatia
Benefity pre celú rodinu
Šport a zdravie Wellbeing
A ešte viac…
O ESETe
Spoločnosť ESET je globálnym lídrom v oblasti digitálnej bezpečnosti a je jedným z najväčších dodávateľov bezpečnostných riešení v Európskej únii. Zároveň je najväčšou a najoceňovanejšou IT firmou na Slovensku.
Už viac ako 30 rokov vyvíjame popredný softvér a služby zamerané na IT bezpečnosť a ochranu podnikov, kritickej infraštruktúry a domácností z celého sveta
Okrem vytvárania bezpečnostných riešení pre zákazníkov je našim cieľom aj aktívne prispievať k inovatívnej a zodpovednej spoločnosti v oblasti
vzdelávania
,
vedy
a
výskumu
.
V ESETe sú diverzita, rovnosť a inklúzia (DEI) neoddeliteľnou súčasťou firemnej kultúry. Sme hrdým signatárom a ambasádorom
Charty diverzity
. Snažíme sa vytvárať pracovné
prostredie
, kde sa každý cíti cenený a rešpektovaný. S otvorenosťou vítame záujem jednotlivcov zo všetkých prostredí -  vrátane rasy, pohlavia, veku, náboženstva, zdravotného znevýhodnenia, či sexuálnej orientácie.
Viac sa o nás dozviete na
našej stránke
.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4902600
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.10.2025
2025-10-24
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Architect
,
IT Consultant
,
IT Security Specialist
Spoločnosť:
ESET, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 300 EUR/month