Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Lead / Solution Architect for RANi IT+ Sign On Bonus 3000 EUR
Place of work
Moldavská cesta, Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
The main purpose of this job is senior technical expert responsibility for design and implementation of an assigned technology.
ABOUT THE PROJECT
Digital Hub Radio Antena Network Infrastructure (RANi)  is responsible for the agile development and operation of the RANi components, for planning, deployment, inventory, configuration and optimization of the mobile access network, required IT services, as well as the interfaces to assurance and workforce control. The business focus of RANi is on high network coverage and high quality in front of the customer. Therefore we ensure the integration and rollout of new network structures (Small Cells, 5G, ...) as well as network layouts (i.e. explosion of the number of cells, macro to Small Cells) in an automated way. The goal is to ensure the high quality, coverage, capacity and innovation and thus also the award "Best Network" also for the future.
What will you do?
As a Lead / Solution Architect you will design and optimize IT architectures and analyze business and technical requirements for software, platforms and/or infrastructure for private and business customers.
Your essential tasks will further include:
Lead or accompany projects from business solution design to technical architectural roadmap and provide comprehensive consulting services
Guide product/service development along the entire development process (lifecycle)
Follow current technology trends and advise on key transformation projects
Create and maintain architecture documentation
You will succeed if you:
Technology and methodology expertise at the current state of the art in one of Operation Support Systems & Solutions (OSS)
Business Support Systems & Solutions (BSS)
Domain Orchestration.
Overseeing or Hands-on experience in deployment, integration, decoupling, modularization, Open API, AI/AI, usage of cloud-native solutions based on AWS or GCP
Cross-cultural experience in offshore projects
Experience in agile methodologies (Scrum, SAFe Framework).
Very good communication skills with ability to explain complex solutions, argument and convince
Business fluent in English, written and spoken, German is advantage
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Dana Dráčová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4904632
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.10.2025
2025-10-17
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Architect
,
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month