Nokia
Open positions
What we offer
Contact
Python Software Developer
Place of work: Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
What we do
Come create the technology that helps the world act together.
Our R&D center, home to over 100 engineers, is dedicated to shaping the future of software-defined IP networks, helping the world act together. Our next-generation data center platforms deliver the scale, openness, aggregation, and interconnectivity required for modern DC networks.
Our solutions are designed to deliver exceptional results, powered by breakthrough silicon and software innovations. Along with open, intent-based network automation, this allows the operators to launch and deploy new digital services easily, quickly and cost-efficiently. As generative AI and industry digitalization converge, we're unlocking unprecedented possibilities and making networks more essential than ever.
Imagine a world where technology seamlessly connects us all, enabling innovation and progress. At Nokia Bratislava, we're at the forefront of this digital revolution.
What are your job duties
As a Python Software Developer, you will participate in the evolution of our products, test software and test infrastructure. You will be part of the development of leading IP products. You will have the opportunity to use your creativity and engineering experience.
As part of our team, you will:
·	Develop test SW that will evolve our IP products
·	Collaborate with the various teams to deliver your features with exceptional quality
·	Be in close contact with the other engineers and teams spread across the world
·	Understand the challenges of automation and testing for high availability systems
·	Be able to cope with the responsibility of delivering a feature you committed to
What we are looking for
We are looking for junior and senior developers as well as fresh graduates with a programming background. We need you if you are an IT oriented person, eager to learn and work with cutting edge technologies in the IP field. You should have analytical thinking, be a team player, willing to learn from others while sharing your own expertise.
We count on you have:
·	A good understanding and experience with programming and debugging in an interpreted language (Python) or any language.
·	Experience with Linux (command line) including basic scripting
·	Fluent English knowledge – verbal and written as well
·	University degree in Engineering and Technology / Information Technology
Nice to have:
·	Experience with some versioning systems (SVN, GIT)
·	Relevant experience with IP
Only CVs in English will be considered for the selection process.
What we offer
·	Wage (gross): from 2200 EUR/month with completed master’s degree
·	Financial contributions, such as life insurance, private health care, private pension plan - 3rd pillar retirement savings, salary compensation during illness leave (PN), life events (marriage, childbirth/adoption), meal allowance above the law
·	Time benefits, such as 3 sick days, extra 5 days off, flexible working time and hybrid way of working (2 days office, 3 days home-office)
·	Development benefits, a variety of learning, project & career opportunities
·	Besides these, we are offering a casual & innovative culture, free refreshments & fruits in the workspace and for sure, the excitement of having an impact across the most important internet companies.
Apply online
ID:
4935024
Dátum zverejnenia:
28.10.2025
2025-10-28
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Nokia Slovakia, a.s.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month