SAP Archiving Specialist
Location:
Bratislava
Minimum salary:
2 500 EUR/month
Contract type:
full-time
Your role
Collaborate with a team of experts to implement SAP data archiving and decommissioning projects using SNP Outboard and SNP Datafridge software.
Provide active support in SAP data management projects focused on system landscape optimization or migration to SAP S/4HANA.
Analyze and optimize complex SAP system landscapes, identifying opportunities for performance improvement and cost reduction.
Design and implement technical solutions for data archiving, historical data retention, and decommissioning of SAP systems, incorporating best practices in SAP data management (1. SAP Archiving – SNP Outboard, ArchiveLink, WebDav, SAP ILM, Nearline Storage, Data -Tiering Optimization; 2. SAP Decommissioning – SNP Datafridge).
Lead or participate in project execution using SNP Outboard and SNP Datafridge, ensuring timely and high-quality delivery of data management initiatives.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams and the development team to design new software features and improvements, and support testing phases.
Mentor team members by sharing knowledge on functional, technical, and methodological approaches in SAP data archiving and decommissioning.
Your skills
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Information Technology, Engineering, Business Administration, Economics, or Computer Science.
Strong command of English, both written and verbal.
at least 2 years of experience in IT consultancy, IT support, or IT project management, with a focus on SAP systems.
Ambition to continuously develop SAP technical and functional skills, with a focus on the latest SAP trends in data archiving and system decommissioning.
Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to engage stakeholders effectively.
Knowledge of one or more SAP modules or applications (e.g., FI/CO, MM, SD, HR, SAP BW) is an advantage.
Familiarity with the core business of SNP Group, including data transformation, migration to SAP S/4HANA, and other services such as data integration and platform consolidation, or experience with data archiving and SAP system decommissioning is highly desirable.
Benefits
Fully covered lunch allowance
Extra beneficial paid sick leave
Wellbeing budget up to 1100€ (based on years of employment)
Education budget
Up to 2000€ referral bonus
Sick days
Multisport card
Sabbatical leave
Extra vacation on round work anniversaries
Possibility to travel abroad
Flexible working time
Home office possibilities
Teambuilding events
Exciting challenges and personal development opportunities
Language classes and other training opportunities
Apply now
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Your HR contact
Angelica Iannuzzi
Recruitment Specialist
In what language should I send my CV?
Please send your CV in English. It‘s possible that your manager is located in Germany or is not native in Slovak.
What does the interview process look like?
The interview process typically consists of:
A short 15-minute introductory call with the HR department.
A 1-hour interview with the hiring manager and HR.
Depending on the position, a 20-minute call with a colleague from Germany or a department head.
Will there be any assessments or tests as part of the recruitment process?
Yes, for specific positions, we may require candidates to take tests. The types of tests may vary depending on the position.
For more information about SNP Group visit:
www.snpgroup.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4936224
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.11.2025
2025-11-17
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
SNP Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month