Senior Lead Developer
Excalibur s.r.o.
Miesto práce
Práca z domu
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
3 600 EUR/mesiac
+ možná dohoda v závislosti od skúseností
Informácie o pracovnom mieste
Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednosti
​Are you a skilled developer ready to take your career to the next level? We're looking for a
Senior Lead Developer
to join our innovative team at Excalibur! Lead the development of a revolutionary cybersecurity product, and drive world-class solutions using Node.js, TypeScript, and React. This is a
full-time work-from-home
(inside Slovakia) role.
Responsibilities and Duties:
​- Lead and mentor a team of developers to deliver high-quality, scalable software
​- Drive full-stack development of our flagship product using Node.js, TypeScript, and React
​- Manage code repositories and workflows using GitHub
​- Collaborate with cross-functional teams (designers, product managers) to create seamless user experiences
​- Ensure high standards in code quality, performance, and security
​- Stay up-to-date with emerging technologies and best practices
​
Requirements for the Employee:
​- At least 5 years of experience in full-stack development, with a focus on Node.js, TypeScript, and React
​- Proven experience leading development teams
​- Expertise with version control and project management using GitHub
​- Familiarity with Agile methodologies
​- Bachelor's, Master's, or PhD in Computer Science or a related field
​- Strong problem-solving skills and a sense of accountability
Company Information:
​Excalibur is a Slovak cybersecurity vendor specializing in
Privileged Access Management (PAM)
solutions with integrated password-less mobile-based
Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)
. We are expanding into the
Web Application Firewall (WAF)
and
Remote Browser Isolation (RBI)
segments. Our mission is to replace traditional passwords with secure smartphone-based multi-factor authentication, bridging the gap between the password-based present and the password-free future. Join us as we grow both in Slovakia and internationally—this is your chance to be part of a unicorn-in-the-making!​
Zamestnanecké výhody, benefity
- A dynamic and international work environment with a team of experts passionate about protecting digital assets.
- Competitive salary package, in line with the critical nature of the role within our organization.
- Continuous professional development opportunities to keep you at the forefront of cybersecurity advancements.
- Work from home / flexible working arrangements.
- Stability - Excalibur has been on the market for 10 years
- Opportunity to work on a revolutionary product and make history!
​
Požiadavky na zamestnanca
Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelaním
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
vysokoškolské III. stupňa
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Mierne pokročilý (B1)
Prax na pozícii/v oblasti
5
Počet rokov praxe
5
Inzerujúca spoločnosť
Stručná charakteristika spoločnosti
Excalibur is a Slovak cybersecurity vendor of Privileged Access Management (PAM) solutions with integrated password-less mobile phone based Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) currently branching out into the Web Application Firewall (WAF) and Remote Browser Isolation (RBI) segments. We utilizes the user’s smartphone to act as a secure hardware token for any and all authentication and authorization needs. The ultimate goal is to move all forms of authentication and authorization away from passwords, replace them seamlessly with smartphone-based strong but user friendly multi-factor authentication. Excalibur's unique value is in providing backward compatibility with all the applications, Operating Systems (OS) and services used today thus creating a bridge between the password-based present and password-free future.
We are now aggressively expanding our team and looking to grow both in Slovakia and internationally. This is your chance to join our unicorn-in-the-making! :)
For more info visit our homepage at https://getexcalibur.com or our LinkedIn page: https://www.linkedin.com/company/excalibur-s-r-o/
Počet zamestnancov
25-49 zamestnancov
Kontakt
E-mail:
poslať životopis
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4940623
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.10.2025
2025-10-27
lokalita:
Práca z domu
Pozícia:
Programátor
,
Team leader
Spoločnosť:
Excalibur s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 600 EUR/mesiac