Engineering Support - Student contract (brigáda)
Place of work
Galvaniho 7, Bratislava
Type of contract
part-time, agreement-based (Temporary jobs), internship, work experience
Start date
ASAP
Wage (minimum gross)
8 EUR/hour
WHY is working at FRAMATOME unique:
Framatome is aiming to give the world a carbon free and reliable energy for the future through nuclear energy.
As the working environment is unique and he added value brought is
only possible with talented individuals
, open communication and trust are the foundation of our way of acting.
We believe in our employees and give them everything required to succeed.
They are our main asset.
Our employees are creating, designing, and also changing within an organization that only exists thanks to their curiosity and eagerness to learn and improve the world.
HOW do we achieve our goals:
We are looking for a full-time Master's degree student in his final year with a major focus on an Engineering/Technical field to join our team. Your tasks will include: • Engineering support activities in Design or Verification and Validation sections • Support in Design of I&C Applications • Applications debug and code generation • Test script preparation • Performance of test simulation • Support with documentation
We are looking for someone with …
• Full-time Master's degree (5th year) with a major in a Technical field • Knowledge of Windows, MS Office • English language - intermediate (B2) • Motivation to learn and grow • Strong focus on details • Responsible attitude to work, enthusiasm and willingness to work • Ability to work independently and within a team • Basic experience with Python (advantage) • Automation/PLC experiences (advantage)
Joining Framatome Controls means...
Opportunity for personal and professional growth in an international company with possibility of full-time employment after master studies
Possibility of long-term temporary work during studies
Flexible working time: the opportunity to work up to 20 hours per week with flexible working hours
Financial benefits:
Hourly wage: 8 euros
Eating and drinking regime: 6.60 euros/day of meal voucher fully paid by the company after 4 hours of work per day
For that position, Home-Office is not possible.
Contact
Please send your
CV in English
or questions about this position to:
Quentin Trembleau
quentin.trembleau.ext@framatome.com
Framatome Controls s. r. o., Galvaniho 7, 821 04 Bratislava
www.framatome.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4947940
Dátum zverejnenia:
8.10.2025
2025-10-08
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Design Engineer
,
Electrical Engineer
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
PLC Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Framatome Controls s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
8 EUR/hour