Junior Support Engineer
Servers.com
Place of work
Mlynské nivy 18890/5, Ružinov
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
From 1 300 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Servers.com, an international hosting provider, is looking for a Junior Support Engineer to join us due to the extension of the support team.
​All tasks are performed through corporate software without physically accessing the servers.​
During our cooperation, you will learn:
Linux basics.
Dell and Supermicro server maintenance.
Correspondence with clients.
Basic concepts of RAID technologies.
How to work with the internal automatic system.
Basic customization of servers for clients’ needs.
Cooperation terms:
Internship and training: the program will start with one month of training, followed by two months of internship, training and internships are paid.
Remuneration: the level of payments is discussed individually.
Opportunity to practice and improve your English
:
after six months of our cooperation, the company will cover the costs of English lessons.
Comfortable conditions: schedule without night shifts, no overtime, no phone support, smooth integration into the workflow.
Excellent professional prospects for technical specialists.
Mentor assistance, learning modern IT technologies.
All necessary equipment.
Remote cooperation from Bratislava with the possibility to use co-working space.
Support of legalization in Slovakia if needed.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Intermediate (B1)
and
Russian - Advanced (C1)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Servers.com is a global IaaS hosting platform. It offers a full suite of computing, storage, and networking services with a focus on single-tenant infrastructure solutions.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Bahdan Serdziuk
Tel.:
+421950382535
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4951135
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.10.2025
2025-10-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Servers.com
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 300 EUR/month