Senior Software Test Engineer (API, Cypress) - Your Next Career Move
localhost s.r.o.
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 3 300 EUR/month
Final agreement depends on your skill-set and experience. This is the subject of a partnership agreement during the selection process.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join Our Team as a Software Test Engineer!
Are you ready to put your testing skills to the ultimate test? At our company, you’ll dive deep into the world of software quality – where every bug squashed and every feature refined brings us closer to outstanding digital experiences.
As a
Software Test Engineer
, you’ll be the guardian of quality – blending manual testing know-how with automated testing expertise to ensure our applications exceed expectations. You’ll work closely with talented colleagues to analyze, test, and fine-tune our platforms, making sure every release hits the mark.
Here’s what you’ll be working on:
Perform all testing, defect and test case management, and quality assurance assignments without close supervision – able to manage standard complex aspects of the work.
Conduct all testing activities of new and existing software products.
Capable to read and understand existing systems, regression, integration, performance, and user acceptance tests.
Work directly on application/technical problem identification and resolution.
Work independently on systems or infrastructure components that may be used by one or more applications or systems.
Analyze business requirements to develop and execute manual and mainly automation test cases.
Document software issues and defects in bug tracking software and monitor for the resolution.
Coordinate with product owner to resolve open issues/enhancements/upgrades and understand the use of a specific functionality as needed.
Communicate with end users and internal customers to help direct development, debugging, and testing of application software for accuracy, integrity, interoperability, and completeness.
Perform integration testing and customer acceptance testing of components that requires careful planning and execution to ensure timely, quality results.
Prepare test plans with clear scope, objectives, deliverables and risks identification.
Track and report of quantitative and qualitative test result/metrics.
Employee perks, benefits
• 6 extra days off: 3x localhost days and 3x sick days
• Referral bonus
• Benefit plus budget
• Financial contribution to Pension plan
• Multisport Card
• Education support (certificates, courses, trainings)
• Physiotherapist sessions once a week in the office
• Bonuses at every smashing life events
• Flexible working arrangements
• Transparent approach and communication
• Supporting your ideas
Information about the selection process
If you are ready to take on challenges, drive innovation, and make a lasting impact, this is the perfect opportunity for you.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
4
Personality requirements and skills
8+ years
in software testing (manual or automated) or
Master's in Computer Science
4+ years
in test automation framework design and development
Proficiency in
JavaScript/TypeScript or Java
with functional or object-oriented coding
Experience with two or more tools like Cypress, MochaJS, ReadyAPI, Selenium, or Cucumber
Strong communication skills in Slovak and English
Skilled in
API test automation
and
CI/CD
for systems and infrastructure
Proven end-to-end, system, and integration testing
experience, especially with
REST APIs
Proficient in
SQL
or other relational databases
Familiar with full-stack and 3rd-party integration testing
Knowledge of
TDD, code reviews,
and
DevOps
tools (e.g., Azure DevOps, Jenkins, Git)
3+ years
in Agile team environments with understanding of
microservice architecture
Excellent communication skills, with strong ability to collaborate across teams
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Join the digital revolution with localhost!
We're not your average IT company. As a team of passionate tech experts based in Košice, we've spent the last decade empowering global and local brands alike.
Our 100+ strong team of engineers is committed to your success, constantly learning and adapting to bring you the most innovative solutions and state-of-the-art software. Whether you're a startup or an enterprise, we're your trusted partner.
Reach out today and let's shape your digital future together: info@localhost.company
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Dana Holub Pospišilová
Tel.:
+421905811824
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4959910
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.1.2026
2026-01-27
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
localhost s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 300 EUR/month