O nás
Voľné pozície
Benefity
EN
SK
Staň sa súčasťou tímu vizionárov
Vytvárajme spolu budúcnosť kybernetickej bezpečnosti
späť na voľné pracovné miesta
Global eCommerce Business/ Functional Analyst
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 2 300 EUR/month
-   The final basic wage component can be adjusted accordingly to individual skills and experience of the selected candidate.
-   Performance bonus 2 times per year up to 10% of the basic salary paid for the evaluation period (usually 6 months)
Contract type
full-time
ESET is a global leader in cybersecurity, dedicated to protecting over 110 million customers worldwide. Global e-Commerce is a dynamic digital channel that provides cybersecurity solutions directly to customers in real-time, every day. If you feel like you want to deliver high-impact goals that make a real difference, we would like to see you at our Global Headquarters in Bratislava.
We are seeking a Global eCommerce Specialist to join our Global eStore Team. In this role, you will be responsible for managing and evolving online e-Commerce channel by identifying, discussing, negotiating, and defining project scopes, gathering and understanding complex business needs from various departments. You will perform detailed impact analyses and negotiate with stakeholders to deliver high-quality solutions. Additionally, you will create realistic project plans, conduct ideation sessions to creatively address business needs, and oversee the implementation of solutions, ensuring alignment with global eStore guidelines and segment’s product portfolio strategy.
Responsibilities:
This position requires taking responsibility for a wider range of activities in the process of implementation, running and further evolving of Global eStore (GeS) in ESET markets.
Your role will be to:
Act as responsible person for project scope identification, analyses, negotiation and implementation.
Understand and gather business needs: You won´t work with straightforward to-do list. Be able to zoom-out to understand and gather business needs that come from different teams, departments and experts.
Perform and provide impact analyses: Create high level impact analyses to support informed decision-making, including assessing costs and estimating delivery timelines based on data insights.
Provide solutions & negotiate with stakeholders: Impact analyses provide you with the essential data foundation needed to introduce and negotiate the most efficient solutions with stakeholders. When creating solutions, find the common ground by targeting stakeholder´s needs while preserving Global eStore KPIs.
Create project plans that are realistic, feasible and contain experienced lessons learned from the past.
Conduct ideation in a form of low-level analyses to creatively address stakeholder´s needs, collaborate with other teams to really hit the spot. The more, the brainier!
Write down the bulletproof specification for implementation on Global estore and oversee the implementation itself.
Assist with acceptance testing and ensure further adoption on selected local markets - assist with effective feature adoption, manage the implementation of complex e-store functionalities, and perform detailed troubleshooting along with advanced e-store configurations and settings.
This position is a maternity leave cover.
To successfully apply you should:
Have solid knowledge and understanding of eCommerce, including eStore best practices, customer lifecycle, digital marketing fundamentals, and online purchasing processes
At least 2 years of experience in a similar position
Skilled in project leadership, cross-team coordination and stakeholders management
Active English (at least C1)
Fluent Slovak language
Ability to work from Bratislava office (Job with occasional home office)
Great advantage is:
Background from software/hardware/IT-related industries
Experience from international companies or global markets
Good understanding of complex systems, processes and relations
Basic orientation in web development and tools (CMS, JIRA, Postman, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, API, system architecture)
Our team is (and you should be as well):
We stick together in every situation; we are looking for a team player with a strong loyalty attitude.
Highly proactive attitude and self-driven, we do not procrastinate ever.
Attentive to detail
Excellent at active listening
Have respecting and friendly attitude
Open to learn new skills, grasp a new information and work with different tools
Highly organized and self-confident with good level of communication and presentation skills
Good at critical thinking
Stand out in endurance and consistency
Kontaktná osoba
Veronika Jakubcova
Poslať životopis
BENEFITY PRE TEBA
Flexibilita
Firemné podujatia
Benefity pre celú rodinu
Šport a zdravie Wellbeing
A ešte viac…
O ESETe
Spoločnosť ESET je globálnym lídrom v oblasti digitálnej bezpečnosti a je jedným z najväčších dodávateľov bezpečnostných riešení v Európskej únii. Zároveň je najväčšou a najoceňovanejšou IT firmou na Slovensku.
Už viac ako 30 rokov vyvíjame popredný softvér a služby zamerané na IT bezpečnosť a ochranu podnikov, kritickej infraštruktúry a domácností z celého sveta
Okrem vytvárania bezpečnostných riešení pre zákazníkov je našim cieľom aj aktívne prispievať k inovatívnej a zodpovednej spoločnosti v oblasti
vzdelávania
,
vedy
a
výskumu
.
V ESETe sú diverzita, rovnosť a inklúzia (DEI) neoddeliteľnou súčasťou firemnej kultúry. Sme hrdým signatárom a ambasádorom
Charty diverzity
. Snažíme sa vytvárať pracovné
prostredie
, kde sa každý cíti cenený a rešpektovaný. S otvorenosťou vítame záujem jednotlivcov zo všetkých prostredí -  vrátane rasy, pohlavia, veku, náboženstva, zdravotného znevýhodnenia, či sexuálnej orientácie.
Viac sa o nás dozviete na
našej stránke
.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4964475
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.11.2025
2025-11-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Account Manager
,
E-Commerce Specialist
,
IT Analyst
,
Online shop administrator
Spoločnosť:
ESET, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 300 EUR/month