Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
DevOps Engineer REF1752R
Place of work
Moldavská cesta, 040 11 Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 650 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.

We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 1 650 € /brutto.
DevOps Engineer is responsible for entire lifecycle of Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment pipelines and Infrastructure as Code approaches. Takes account and defines automated configuration management, release management, build, test and deployment activities.
The ideal candidate will bring expertise in modern container orchestration platforms, pipeline automation, and infrastructure as code, with a focus on CaaS@DTIT or Kubernetes, Helm, GitLab Pipelines, and Microsoft Entra ID. Familiarity with AWS is a bonus but not essential.
What will you do?
Designs, develops, tests and implements infrastructure for CI/CD pipelines and IaC.
Manages source code, configuration management, release management, build and deployment activities.
Setups and manages integration with partner applications.
Conducts of performance analyses and tunings as well as error analyses and troubleshooting
Consults and implements new innovative technologies to satisfy innovation strategy.
Creates concepts for further automation of services, processes and/or operating models.
Directly support the project teams in the development, quality assurance accompanying development as well as planning and implementation of product releases
You will succeed if you:
have secondary education of Information technologies – Master
have experiences with ICT System – 2 years
have experience with Scripting (Bash, Python) – Advanced
have experience with Linux Operating System – Advanced
have experience with OTC / AWS / Azure – Intermediate
have experience with Docker – Advanced
have experience with Kubernetes / OpenShift – Intermediate
have experience with Git – Advanced
have experience with Jenkins / GitLab – Intermediate
have experience with Maven / Gradle – Basic
have experience with Ansible / Terraform / Puppet – Intermediate
have experience with ELK / Prometheus / Icinga /  Jaeger / Grafana – Intermediate
have experience with Networking - Advanced
have experience with Security - Intermediate
are communicative, team player and have analytical thinking, training skills and presentation skills
speak English – Upper intermediate (B2)
have experiences with Agile Methodology, Scrum and SAFe
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 650 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.

We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 1 650 € /brutto.
Contact
Contact person: Cecilia Kotercova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4980748
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.10.2025
2025-10-23
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
DevOps Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 650 EUR/month