Back to open positions
About PwC
Students and graduates
Experienced candidates
Mothers
Benefits
Place of work
Karadžičova 2, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
From 1 900 EUR/month
(base salary is 1 600 EUR + regular monthly bonus 300 EUR for knowledge of the German language)
Fluent in German? Ready to Start Your Consulting Career? Join Us!
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join our international consulting team and shape the future of leading financial institutions across Europe!
Are you fluent in German and curious about the world of consulting?
Whether you're just starting out or looking to grow in a dynamic environment, this is your chance to work on exciting projects with top-tier banks and insurance companies in the DACH region.
What’s in It for You?
Work on real business challenges with major financial services clients
Be part of a diverse, international team of experts
Learn from experienced consultants and grow your career
Use your German skills daily in a professional setting
Gain exposure to both business and technology topics
Your Role
As a Junior Consultant (m/f), you’ll support transformation projects for financial institutions. You’ll help clients solve complex problems, improve processes, and implement smart solutions.
Your key tasks:
Communicate with clients and colleagues in German
Understand and analyze business needs
Help design and implement solutions
Present your work to clients
Build strong relationships with stakeholders
Employee perks, benefits
Benefits you can enjoy while working at PwC
Financial Rewards:
Benefit from regular salary reviews, performance bonuses and other special bonuses. Enjoy meal contributions and a cafeteria benefit system offering personalized choices.
Flexibility & Work-Life Balance:
Enjoy our hybrid working policy, flexible working hours, 2 extra days off during Christmas along with Sick-days. Every minute of your extra work is valued and compensated.
Career Development:
Engage in tailored internal and external training programs, benefit from a structured career development plan, and as an employee take advantage of discounts of up to 30% on internationally recognized certifications and qualifications from leading organizations through our PwC Academy.
Health & Well-being:
Access premium benefits such as Multisport card and medical center membership. Take advantage of our Well-being and Work-Life Coaching program.
Supportive Culture:
Participate in teambuilding activities and social events and join our employee referral program. Experience a culture with regular feedback and a supportive environment.
Global Opportunities:
Seize the opportunity for international assignments and work on diverse projects with international clients. Explore the world while working with the possibility of working from abroad.
Extra perks:
Use various discounts at partner companies such as cars, health care, beauty, culture or others. Transfer up to 4 telephone numbers at discounted rates.
Personality requirements and skills
What You Bring
Completed university degree
German language skills at C1 level
(essential)
English language skills at least at B2 level
Interest in banking, insurance and technology
Curiosity, motivation, and a proactive mindset
Strong communication and teamwork skills
Why Join Us?
We’re not just offering a job — we’re offering a career path in consulting. You’ll be supported, trained, and given opportunities to grow.
If you’re fluent in German and ready to take the first step, we’d love to hear from you!
Information about the selection process
If you'd like to apply for this position, please click on the "Send CV" button below.
Data privacy announcement you can find here: https://pwc.to/2s8n2tn
We seek to hire people who are great at what they do and bring our behaviours to life in how they do it. Our PwC Professional framework guides us to work together to create a better tomorrow. Together, Trusted Leadership and Distinctive Outcomes are how we deliver on our purpose and strategy, serving our clients and living our values in every interaction, everyday. The PwC Professional framework defines the behaviours we’re all expected to demonstrate at PwC and what we look for in our future talent.
Are you ready to be a PwC Professional?
If the current position is not right for you but you have friends or acquaintances in your area who could also be interested in working with us at PwC, feel free to direct them to us. If we establish cooperation with a candidate recommended by you, you can receive a reward ranging from 300 to 1000 EUR, depending on the seniority of the candidate. You can find the referral form at this link: https://www.pwc.com/sk/en/careers/get-rewarded-for-recommending-candidate.html
Contact
Contact person: Viola Rumlová
E-mail:
send CV
Send CV
Back to open positions
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4994815
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.11.2025
2025-11-24
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Consultant
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
PwC
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 900 EUR/month