Back to open positions
About PwC
Students and graduates
Experienced candidates
Mothers
Benefits
Place of work
Karadžičova 2, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
By agreement
Wage (gross)
From 2 300 EUR/month
(base salary is 2 000 EUR + regular monthly bonus 300 EUR for knowledge of the German language)
Based on the candidate's seniority, we are open to discuss salary options individually.
Shape the Future of Financial Services as Senior Consultant (Fluent German language needed) (m/f)
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you fluent in German and ready to contribute your expertise to strategic transformation in the financial sector?
Join our international consulting team and help top-tier banks and insurance companies across Europe solve complex challenges and drive innovation.
Why You Should Join Us
Work on high-impact projects with leading financial institutions
Collaborate with a diverse team of experts from other locations
Influence strategic decisions and deliver results
Use your German language skills in a professional, client-facing role
Grow your career in a fast-paced consulting environment
Your Role
As a Senior Consultant (m/f), you'll be at the forefront of advising leading banks and other global financial players, helping them navigate complex scenarios and craft crucial strategies. Your expertise will be key in optimizing operations and driving growth.
Your responsibilities:
Lead and contribute to transformation projects
Analyze complex business requirements and identify improvement opportunities
Design and implement impactful solutions
Present recommendations and results to stakeholders
Build and maintain strong client relationships
Employee perks, benefits
Benefits you can enjoy while working at PwC
Financial Rewards:
Benefit from regular salary reviews, performance bonuses and other special bonuses. Enjoy meal contributions and a cafeteria benefit system offering personalized choices.
Flexibility & Work-Life Balance:
Enjoy our hybrid working policy, flexible working hours, 2 extra days off during Christmas along with Sick-days. Every minute of your extra work is valued and compensated.
Career Development:
Engage in tailored internal and external training programs as well as structured career development plan.
Health & Well-being:
Access premium benefits such as Multisport card and medical center membership. Take advantage of our Well-being and Work-Life Coaching program.
Supportive Culture:
Participate in teambuilding activities and social events and join our employee referral program. Experience a culture with regular feedback and a supportive environment.
Global Opportunities
: Seize the opportunity for international assignments and work on diverse projects with international clients. Explore the world while working with the possibility of working from abroad.
Extra perks:
Use various discounts at partner companies such as cars, health care, beauty, culture or others. Transfer up to 4 telephone numbers at discounted rates.
At PwC, we believe in nurturing your career, supporting your health and wellness, and recognizing your dedication. Join our team and experience a workplace that values you beyond your work hours.
Personality requirements and skills
What You Bring
German language proficiency at C1 level
(essential)
Solid understanding of the financial sector
(banking, insurance, or related)
University degree (preferably in economics, business, or related fields)
English proficiency at least at B2 level
Experience in consulting or project-based roles
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Interest in technology and its business applications
Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills
Proactive mindset, with a drive to deliver and grow
Ready to Make an Impact?
If you're looking for a role where your expertise, language skills, and seniority can truly make a difference — we’d love to hear from you.
Information about the selection process
If you'd like to apply for this position, please click on the "Apply Now" button on our website and apply through our system.
You can find the data privacy announcement here: https://pwc.to/2s8n2tn
If the current position is not right for you but you have friends or acquaintances in your area who could be interested in working with us, feel free to direct them to us. If we establish cooperation with a candidate recommended by you, you can receive a reward from 300 to 1000 EUR, depending on the seniority of the candidate: https://www.pwc.com/sk/en/careers/get-rewarded-for-recommending-candidate.html
We seek to hire people who are great at what they do and bring our behaviours to life in how they do it. Our PwC Professional framework guides us to work together to create a better tomorrow. Together, Trusted Leadership and Distinctive Outcomes are how we deliver on our purpose and strategy, serving our clients and living our values in every interaction, everyday. The PwC Professional framework defines the behaviours we’re all expected to demonstrate at PwC and what we look for in our future talent.
Are you ready to be a PwC Professional?
Contact
Contact person: Viola Rumlová
E-mail:
send CV
Send CV
Back to open positions
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4994820
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.11.2025
2025-11-24
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Consultant
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
PwC
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 300 EUR/month