Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Junior Software Developer with PHP
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 050 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
As a Junior Software Developer, you will work as a part of the software developers team in DigiHUB Mare, which is responsible for the development of applications for the end customers in Germany, the employees of Deutsche Telekom Technik, Deutsche Telekom Field Service and Deutsche Telekom Service and for technical solutions to support customer side processes.
What will you do?
Development of Front-End applications and back-end processes for DTT
Building of front-end assistants (robots), interfaces (SOAP, Rest, Tardis etc.) customer GUIs and system overlays
Work on program desired applications / functionalities defined in tickets in the cooperation with our steering team and the product owner
Analysis of the requirements and communication with internal stakeholders
Use agreed programing language or tools to develop automation solutions
Creative approach within complex solution and technology
Active participation on research & development projects
You will succeed if you:
Have knowledge in - min .2years of experience :
PHP object -based programming
Application Development
Programming
Software Development
Speak:
English – Upper intermediate (B2)
German – Advantage
Other criteria or requirements
Reasonable technology overview
Basic experience working in IT industry
Basic experience with programming
Basic SQL knowledge
Basic knowledge about integrating systems and applications
Basic experience with VCS and building tools
Willingness to learn new technologies, being self-motivated and organized
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 050 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Dana Dráčová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
4994757
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.10.2025
2025-10-23
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
PHP Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 050 EUR/month