Power BI & MS Power Platform Expert
Etops SK, s.r.o.
Place of work
Lakeside Park 02, Tomášikova, Nové Mesto, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/month
We are looking for a highly skilled professional, the salary offered will be based on the length and relevance of your work history and the skills developed through your professional experiences, the mentioned amount is where it starts.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We in Etops are a very intensely cooperating team where every single person takes a complex responsibility for a client and/or projects from A-Z. Everyone in our team is key to our success - individually and as a team. Everyone matters.
We are looking for a Power BI & MS Power Platform Expert to work for our client, one of the largest asset managers in the world operating on private markets worldwide. You would play an essential role building tools and innovations across all departments, most closely cooperating with Portfolio Analytics & Reporting department Client Lead, Accounting, and Investor Relations to support deliverables and provide analytical support to the Firm’s Investment team. You will participate in Expanded Scope Opportunities on a progressive basis as they maintain accurate, reliable, and consistent results across their Fundamental Core responsibilities.
Your role & responsibility
In this position you will be responsible for:
Support      and maintenance of already existing solutions developed in Power Apps,      Power Automate, Power BI and SharePoint
Creation      of new solutions developed mainly in Power Apps, Power Automate, Power BI      and SharePoint
Offering      perspective and ideas to improve core processes
Coordination with the department Client Lead
Data      collections & enhancements, data storage & maintenance
Data      modelling, data visualisations & insight delivery
Contribution      to the overall success of department team private markets data universe
Development of      cumulative Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities to successfully complete all      Fundamental Core responsibilities
Documentation      & Aftercare
Employee perks, benefits
Exposure to global financial markets and leading international clients
Hands-on experience with complex financial instruments and fund structures
Learn from industry experts and grow your technical skillset
25 days of vacation
3 sick days
Multisport card fully covered by Etops
Lunch allowance fully covered by Etops
Hybrid working model: modern office space + remote work flexibility
Information about the selection process
The requirements list is the ideal candidate profile. If you feel this would be a great step in your career but you lack a skill or two from our list, feel free to send us your CV and we will evaluate
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Excel - Expert
Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) - Skillful
Microsoft PowerApps - Skillful
Microsoft Power Bi - Advanced
Microsoft SharePoint - Skillful
Microsoft Power Automate - Skillful
Personality requirements and skills
Your profile
What you'll bring:
A bachelor’s/master's degree (Finance, Economics, Accounting, Business preferred)
Minimum 5 years years of experience working with MS Power Platform
Advance knowledge and proven track record with work in PowerBI, Excel/VBA
Technical background and a good understanding of the Microsoft PowerApps, Power Automate, Sharepoint, etc.
Background in finance, ideally investment management is a big advantage
Process oriented and structured approach
Strong analytical mindset
Problem-solver
Other Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities
Team‐oriented
Acute attention to accuracy and detail is essential
Strong ability to multi‐task and manage time in a detail‐oriented environment
Self‐starter with the ability to identify and investigate issues or inconsistencies with data
Highly motivated individual with demonstrated initiative, independence and adaptability
Strong work ethic
Strong written and verbal communication skills, ability to cooperate in remote teams
Professional English language is a must
Interest in global financial markets
Understanding SQL is a plus
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Why Join Etops?
Be part of a purpose-driven company with a mission to empower individuals and businesses.
Collaborate with a diverse, talented team dedicated to innovation and excellence.
Get inspired by our international cooperation with teams in Switzerland, Germany, Slovakia and the Ukraine.
Develop your skills and advance your career in a supportive and inspiring environment.
Contribute to cutting-edge projects and make a meaningful impact in the world of finance and technology.
Enjoy a flexible and inclusive work culture that values your well-being and work-life balance.
Combine the experience working in modern offices with the possibility to work from home.
About us
Etops is redefining the way financial services harness data and technology. We're not just building tools — we're creating intelligent infrastructure, seamless user experiences, and next-gen AI products that empower smarter decisions at every level.
We’re a team of engineers, creatives, and fintech experts who move fast, think big, and challenge the status quo. Our culture is rooted in curiosity, bold thinking, and making an impact — both in the industry and for each other.
Now’s the time to join us. We’re scaling, hiring, and shaping the future of wealth and asset management. If you're passionate about cutting-edge tech and real-world impact, let's talk.
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Lukas Bucany
Tel.:
+421940498001
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5003205
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.10.2025
2025-10-27
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Financial Analyst
,
Reporting Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Etops SK, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month