Hardware Design Engineer
Place of work
Galvaniho 7, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Type of contract
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (minimum gross)
1 600 EUR/month
WHY is working at FRAMATOME unique:
Framatome is aiming to give the world a carbon free and reliable energy for the future through nuclear energy.
As the working environment is unique and he added value brought is
only possible with talented individuals
, open communication and trust are the foundation of our way of acting.
We believe in our employees and give them everything required to succeed.
They are our main asset.
Our employees are creating, designing, and also changing within an organization that only exists thanks to their curiosity and eagerness to learn and improve the world.
HOW do we achieve our goals:
The Hardware Design section is responsible for hardware detailed design of
safety related Instrumentation & Control (I&C) systems for nuclear power plants worldwide.
In collaboration with national and international teams, the section focuses on:
Initial assessment of the Safety I&C system from mechanical and electrical point of view
Preparation of the technical documentation for implementation and manufacturing of I&C systems
Design changes tracking and implementation
Assessing the impact of design changes with respect to schedule and budget
We are looking for someone with …
Master’s degree in Automation Engineering, Electronics or equivalent
Fluent English (mandatory), German or French (advantage)
Ability to communicate in an international business environment
Ability to work in team
Strong attention to detail
Motivation to solve complex tasks
Analytical and problem-solving abilities
Availability for short business trips
Willingness to work on long-term projects (2+ years)
Experience with industrial automation technologies (advantage)
Knowledge of industrial automation standards (advantage)
Joining Framatome Controls means...
Professional and personal development opportunities
Tailored training to be involved
Mentorship system by manager, senior colleagues and your team to develop all necessary competencies
Skills improvement when working with other Framatome branches (mainly with Framatome Germany or France)
Note: Every employee can choose when to start and end his workday between 6 am and 6 pm. The two requirements are to reach the number of daily hours required (8hrs/day) and to be available during the core hours (i.e. between 9 am and 3 pm).
Financial rewards:
at least 2300 EUR gross/month for experienced candidates
at least 1600 EUR gross/month for junior candidates
13th salary
Yearly salary review
Welcome bonus
Other bonuses:
Annual performance bonus
Language course allowance (German, English or French)
Bonus for successful referral of new employee
Contact
Please send your
CV in English
or questions about this position to:
Quentin Trembleau
quentin.trembleau.ext@framatome.com
Framatome Controls s. r. o., Galvaniho 7, 821 04 Bratislava
www.framatome.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5004480
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.12.2025
2025-12-03
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
,
Process Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Framatome Controls s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 600 EUR/month