.NET Senior Developer
EuroView s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
dohodou
Wage (gross)
4 000 - 5 000 EUR/month
it is possible to work full remote or hybrid form or at the BA office
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
You design software architecture using existing methodology guidelines.
Your duties include requirements analysis and creating software specifications.
The design, implementation, integration and verification of software modules in accordance with software development process and monitoring of development process itself are also parts of your daily tasks including development and evaluation of software security concepts. As a Software Engineer you are also responsible for creating test concepts and test management.
Employee perks, benefits
… are diverse! Do You want to make a difference? Client offers you this opportunity in our economically stable and growing company group. Besides daily tasks and responsibilities you also get great challenges and possibility to actively shape the future, introduce new ideas and participate in their realisation.
You will be part of a flexible, highly motivated and young team. Openness and friendliness as well as a very pleasant and modern working environment will enable an easy start with us. Our client develops groundbreaking products for the top players in various industries. Here you will find direct communication and quick decisions. The assignment of tasks in projects and the collaboration with worldwide leading technology partners offer best conditions for your further professional development that we would like to support. As we are interested in a long-term cooperation we are seeking to sign full-time permanent contract after a successful trial period.
Information about the selection process
English language at least B2.
It is permanent contract only as an employee.
You can choose between office in BA or 100% HomeOffice/ REMOTE
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Company occupies a special position in the market for providers of internet infrastructure software, as our product portfolio enables a close and efficient integration of content, commerce and community transactions. For more than twenty years, Company has been helping sophisticated mid-sized companies and corporations implement strategic software projects.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
informačné technológie
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
.NET - Expert
microservices - Advanced
Kubernetes - Basic
asynchronous communication - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
developer
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
- .NET stack
- Microservices architecture + Asynchronous communication
- Web services: REST .NET Core with Swagger
- Frontend frameworks: Angular OR React prototype
- Message brokering: RabbitMQ, Kafka
- Docker/ Kubernetes
- MSSQL database, document-oriented database/ Search Engine
nice to have: JS frameworks such as React or Angular
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Personnel and consulting company focused on executive search. We are looking for professionals and members of the middle, high and Top management, including fields of IT, Telco, finance and market. We cover development programs and fields of personalization, training programs, assessment and development centers.
Number of employees
5-9 employees
Contact
Contact person: Matej Kováč
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5005201
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.10.2025
2025-10-27
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
Spoločnosť:
EuroView s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 000 EUR/month