Career with us
About us
What we do
We offer
Contact
Graduate Program - IT Business Analyst
Information about the position
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you looking to kick off your career journey?
Do you like the idea of joining the European PayTech?
If so, you are at the right place!
Our graduate program offers you the chance to create your unique career path within our diverse international team, operating in more than 25 countries. Rotate among different departments, learn from experienced professionals, and make a difference by working on real business cases.
About the program
Our Graduate Program is more than a learning path - it's a journey where you will work on real business cases and have a direct impact on business results.
Join us if you are interested in work experience as a Business Analyst.
What can you expect?
•	During the 12-month program, you will participate in two rotations between different business departments. This will equip you with a broader understanding of the business from various perspectives.
•	After the first six months, we offer a well-planned Project Management and Communication training path. You and your fellow graduates will work on real Nexi business cases.
•	You will have the opportunity to continuously learn and improve your skills by actively participating in structured training sessions at our Digital PayTech University.
•	You will be able to develop your business ideas, implement them, and build your network of stakeholders within a group of highly skilled business leaders from all over Europe.
What makes you stand out as the ideal participant for this program?
If you see yourself in the description that follows, you should definitely do the first step and apply!
•	You have a master's degree in Engineering, STEM, Economics & Business, Psychology or Law, graduated within the last 12 months.
•	You are a career starter with no more than one year of working experience.
•	You are fluent in English and in the local language of the country you are applying for (any additional language is beneficial).
•	You can easily imagine working in an international environment and actively collaborating with colleagues from all over Europe (if you have study or work-related international experience from abroad, that will be considered a beneficial qualification).
•	You are committed to your work, have an exciting university career with proven great results, enjoy learning new things, feel confident to own projects by yourself and like being part of a team.
•	For you, formal training is a starting point - you always look for more and want to make a difference in everything you work on.
Apply Now!
Don't miss out on this amazing opportunity. Apply today and discover what's in it for you!
We are committed to creating a diverse culture where talents from all walks of life can feel like they truly belong. By applying to our Graduate Program, you're one step closer to joining us.
We're excited to learn more about you!
Wage (gross)
1 700 EUR/month
Employee perks, benefits
Compensation and bonuses:
• Meal voucher fully paid by employer
• Jubilee benefits (wedding, working anniversaries)
• Contribution to pension plan
Health:
• Health care - Private medical center
• Life and Accident Insurance
• 25 fully paid sick leave days per year (5 sick days)
Work-life balance:
• Hybrid way of working
• International environment
• Free time activities with colleagues
• Multisport card
Professional development:
• Hard & Soft skills trainings
• Long term career development
• English courses
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Economical or Technical
Language skills
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
and
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Oracle PL/SQL - Basic
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Nexi is European leader in the design, creation and management of technology infrastructures and services for Financial Institutions, Central Banks, Corporates and the Public Sector, in the areas of payments, cards, network services and capital markets. Nexi Group provides its services in over 25 countries, and also operates through its subsidiaries in Austria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Germany, Greece, Romania, Serbia, Slovakia, Hungary.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Eva Fernandez
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5020381
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.10.2025
2025-10-23
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Customer Support Specialist
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Product Manager
,
Production Manager
Spoločnosť:
Nexi Central Europe, a.s.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 700 EUR/month