Full stack developer for medical device requirement tracing application
Place of work
Žilina District, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 2 100 EUR/month
+VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Would you like to work in the Healthcare industry?
Do you like agile development practices and enjoy working in a scrum team?
Do you enjoy a good challenge and you are not afraid to pick up complicated tasks?
In case your answers were yes, then you are the right person for our team!
About project:
The project is providing a solution enabling the tracing of requirements against tests performed on medical devices like MRs & CTs. These tests are verifying the implementation of these requirements and the output of the tool is used for quality, compliance, audit and market release purposes. The main focus of the project is to gradually develop a new solution in latest technologies that will replace the currently existing legacy solution.
You will work with:
Java/Spring
Typescript oriented web technologies
Gitlab, SonarQube, Azure Cloud
Tomcat, SQL, Docker
Scrum framework
We expect:
3+years experience as full stack software developer
Experience with Java Spring
Experience with Typescript oriented web technologies (React/Angular)
Experience with Azure Cloud
English at least B2 level
Solution oriented attitude
Continuous improvement mindset
Experience with microservice oriented architecture is an advantage
Experience with messaging brokers is an advantage
Experience with Eclipse modeling framework is an advantage
Experience with working in agile environment is an advantage
We value:
Strong analytical skills, logical thinking and attention to detail
Structured approach to problem solving
Willingness to learn new things
Good communication skills
Having team spirit
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual's potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world's most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of work from home & work from office(telework / homeoffice)
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Multisport Card – employer's contribution of 10 EUR
Recognition and Reward program
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5024539
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.11.2025
2025-11-07
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 100 EUR/month