Labs and Manufacturing IT Engineer
Unomedical s.r.o.
Place of work
Priemyselný park 3, Michalovce, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
2 400 EUR/month
minimum 2.400€ / monthly (depending on experiences and quality of the candidate) + annual global incentive plan-bonus and other benefits in compliance with social benefit program of the company
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Position overview
The Labs & Manufacturing IT Engineer is responsible for the day to day IT Operational activities within the Manufacturing an R&D environments, by providing on-site technical specialized support, monitoring critical production systems and applications, and maintaining critical inventory to comply with GxP and regulatory standards. These roles will partner with the GQO & R&D IT Business Partners, Delivery and other Operational teams to support the prioritization of day-to-day activities and will need to have significant knowledge of both IT and the business processes and will support incident management for manufacturing and R&D operations.
Key responsibilities:
Operation’s Handling:
• Understands the specific technology needs and challenges within their Manufacturing Operations processes - aligning IT services accordingly.
• Provide on-site technical support for validated applications used in critical Manufacturing processes, ensuring alignment with ITQA, Quality Assurance, Regulatory Affairs teams and compliance with regulatory requirements such as FDA, EMA, and GxP standards.
• Ensure IT Operations monitors critical Manufacturing Production Systems and Applications, to ensure they remain operational and coordinate regular maintenance windows to minimize downtime.
• Maintain critical manufacturing inventory asset data, to ensure that accurate reporting can be provided to support, incidents, audits and projects.
• Acts as the liaison between Manufacturing Operations Leadership, Departments (including Production, Engineering, Maintenance, and Quality Assurance), Employees, Vendors, IT On-site support and Global IT Hubs
• Drive adoption of new and existing systems to ensure business change / value is delivered.
• Educate the wider IT teams on the needs and complexity of their Manufacturing Operations processes.
• Stay up-to-date with Manufacturing Operations industry trends and best practices for application support and technologies.
Major Incidents:
• Supports the incident management team on P1 & P2 incidents, which impact Manufacturing Operations; ensuring that the relevant Business Unit/IT Teams/Vendors are engaged to support and reduce downtime arising from incidents.
• Troubleshoot equipment failures or malfunctions on the factory floor, including in-process test equipment, ruggedized devices, industrial PCs, and machinery interfaces.
Business Continuity:
• Create and maintain documentation, including knowledge articles for; common issues, incident resolution, best practices for factory-specific IT support, user guides and FAQ’s.
• Participate in the testing and deployment of software updates and patches.
• Drive Manufacturing Excellence; for example, leading Business Continuity Planning and continuous-improvement activities
• Oversee and contribute to the management of projects originating from Global IT; providing facilitation and project ‘brokerage’ to ensure smooth delivery/implementation
Dotted line to Global manufacturing:
• Collaborate with departmental leaders to identify opportunities for process improvements and innovation through technology, feeding ideas generated through to the GQO & R&D IT Business Partners
• Contribute to the demand management process by performing hands on data gathering for alignment of ideation though to the GQO BP and overall GQO/R&D strategies
Vendor Coordination:
• Coordinate the vendor relationships for specialized systems, ensuring contract compliance and SLA fulfillment.
• Oversee vendor-led upgrades, patches, and maintenance to minimize disruptions to business operations.
Contribute to projects involving system implementations, migrations, or upgrades at manufacturing and lab sites. Participate with cross-functional teams, including Regional IT Leads, on-site support technicians, and external vendors, to ensure successful project delivery.
Key requirements:
• Proven excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
• Experience of Manufacturing Operations, ideally within MedTech or Pharmaceuticals
• Proven experience in IT application support
• Strong technical proficiency in troubleshooting software issues and providing solutions.
• Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities
• Experience working directly with internal and external customers, technical experts, and professional staff.
• Previous experience in IT project management, with a demonstrated ability to effectively lead successful implementation of IT systems
• Experience in producing documentation and business requirement documentation.
• Ability to develop and report metrics and KPIs.
• Ability to present complex data and analyses to senior management.
• Ability to work collaboratively with external and internal stakeholders.
• Understanding/certification of ITIL and experience of implementing these standards
• Understanding/certification of BRMP and experience of implementing these standards
• Consultative and continuous-improvement focus
• Ability to work independently and prioritize tasks in a fast-paced environment. • Familiarity with change control processes and documentation practices in regulated industries
• Strong interpersonal and communication skills to effectively collaborate with business and technical stakeholders.
• Demonstrated ability to manage complex IT systems in manufacturing or lab environments.
• Analytical thinking with a problem-solving mindset to address technical challenges.
• Familiarity with regulatory compliance in a Medtech or similarly regulated environment (e.g., GxP, FDA, ISO).
Education/ Qualifications
• Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field.
• Relevant certifications (e.g., ITIL, PMP, or certifications specific to MES/LIMS systems) are preferred.
• Advanced understanding of validated systems and regulatory compliance (e.g., FDA 21 CFR Part 11).
Languages
English and Slovak (mandatory)
Travel Requirements
Position may involve up to 5% travel, including visits to manufacturing and lab sites within the region and occasional international trips for project-related activities.
Working conditions
• Work environment is hybrid, combining remote work with office work.
• Some on-call availability may be required to address critical system issues.
Employee perks, benefits
Employee perks, benefits:
Annual global incentive plan-bonus
Large corporation with representation and manufacturing
plants in the world
Stable employer for Michalovce city and its surroundings
Corporate culture – Underpinning everything we do are our values:
Improve care
Deliver results
Grow together
Own it
Do what´s right
Home office possibilities
Flexible working hours
Introduction program according to company standards
Development trainings
Career opportunities for internal employees
Referral bonus system
Recognition program
Meals in the amount of 0.44 Eur per one meal unit / day
Supplementary pension plan after the trial period with the
employer's contribution
Social fund (various support and perks for employees)
Free bus transport within Michalovce city
Various events / team building activities for employees
Various employee discounts by vendors within Michalovce city
Information about the selection process
Please send your CV only in English language.
Only candidates who meet our requirements will be invited for the interview. Data of not selected candidates will be deleted in compliance with GDPR and data protection law.
Information about personal data processing of job seekers is located on link: https://www.convatec.com/sk-sk/o-nas/kariera/
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
or
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
Our products make a big difference  every day. So will your contribution.
The work you do will mean more, because it’ll make things better for your team, our business or our customers’ lives. It’ll inspire you to deliver to your very best. And we’ll be right behind you when you do.
This is a challenge more worthwhile.
This is work that’ll
move
you.
Note:
Please send your CV only in English language.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Sme priekopníkom v zavádzaní dôveryhodných medicínskych riešení na zlepšenie životov, ktorých sa dotýkame: Unomedical s.r.o. je súčasťou spoločnosti Convatec, ktorá je globálnou firmou v oblasti medicínskych produktov a technológií. Zameriava sa na riešenia pre zvládanie chronických stavov a má vedúce postavenie v pokročilej starostlivosti hojenia rán, stómie, inkontinencie a infúznej terapie. S viac ako 10 000 kolegami celosvetovo poskytujeme naše produkty a služby v približne 90 krajinách, a to všetko spojené s prísľubom Forever caring (večnej starostlivosti). Naše riešenia prinášajú celý rad výhod, od prevencie infekcií a ochrany ohrozenej kože, až po zlepšené výsledky pre pacientov a znížené náklady na starostlivosť. Tržby spoločnosti Convatec v roku 2024 presiahli 2 miliardy dolárov. Spoločnosť je zaradená do indexu FTSE 100 (LSE:CTEC). Ak sa chcete dozvedieť viac, navštívte prosím https://www.convatecgroup.com
Ďalšie informácie nájdete na https://careers.convatec.com – ďakujeme za váš záujem!
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Vanda Caldeira
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5030590
Dátum zverejnenia:
18.10.2025
2025-10-18
lokalita:
Michalovce
Pozícia:
Service Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Unomedical s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 400 EUR/month