C# Software Developer for Computer Tomography - working student
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
part-time
Salary
6 EUR/hour
6 €
gross / hour
The offered remuneration is from 6 € gross / hour. Depending on experience + after incorporation possibility to increase.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a motivated and proactive student to became part of our Siemens Healthineers team in Kosice, that drives development of software solutions for Computed Tomography.
Software development in this area allows us to learn innovative technologies and apply the knowledge in experimenting and innovation initiatives.
In a friendly team, you will be gradually involved in various areas of our product development. We want to involve you in our student’s mentoring program, learning and experimenting.
We expect:
Knowledge of C# programming language
Understanding of testing approaches and its importance
Advanced spoken and written English (B2)
Passion for continuous learning, experimenting with new technologies
Self-organized
Nice to have:
Experience in developing under Agile environment
Positive attitude in sharing gained knowledge
Ability to approach problems from different perspectives (thinking out of the box)
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
C# - Basic
We offer
Long-term part-time job during your studies with the opportunity to gain experience in an international company and try out other positions
Possibility to work 20 hours a week with flexible working hours
Possibility of self-realization in an international corporate environment
Meal vouchers
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5033658
Dátum zverejnenia:
22.10.2025
2025-10-22
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
,
C# Programmer
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
6 EUR/hour