RPA Developer - (Bratislava & remote)
ECTIVE s. r. o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
Plus Performance Bonus
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Thanks to our exceptional team and high standards in Intelligent Automation, the demand for Ective's services is growing.
That's why we are looking for YOU!
Join us and become part of a dynamic team that drives innovation and fosters positive change!
You will:
Collaborate with customers to identify their challenges, enhance their processes, and select the most suitable RPA tool based on their needs and budget. Therefore, you should have a solid understanding of various RPA tools, know their nuances and limitations.
Design, develop and document RPA solutions.
Test, deploy and monitor developed solutions.
Provide technical support and troubleshooting for RPA solutions, ensuring their smooth operation and optimization.
Work hard, when needed and enjoy relaxing times, when job is done.​
Employee perks, benefits
We are open minded flexible company and common benefits are:
Mentioned salary is a minimum possible salary for the position, with possibility to grow to next level after fulfilling internal requirements and once there is a demand for a role. There are no boring time boundaries saying that you must work minimum 6 / 12 months to be promoted... Not in our company. Be good, prove it and get it!
Performance financial bonus
Learning budget.
Health bonus.
Amazing team. We are supportive and enjoy work with each other.
Diversity. We host people from 10 countries and over 3 continents under our roof.
Parties & team activities. Every week we have team lunch paid for by the company. We organize few bigger team-buildings and several smaller ones during a year.
We have all necessary snacks in office.
You are to decide your working schedule.
We are located in city center, so you can solve all your existence problems during lunch.
​
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
UiPath - Skillful
Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) - Basic
Microsoft Excel - Advanced
VB.Net - Basic
Python - Basic
Microsoft PowerApps - Basic
Microsoft Power Automate - Basic
Experience in the position/sector
2
Number of years of experience
4
Personality requirements and skills
Hands-on experience with RPA tools and cognitive platforms, such as UiPath, Blue Prism, and Automation Anywhere (UiPath experience is highly preferred).
Ability to design technical specification documents for RPA projects.
Awareness of security best practices in RPA.
Understanding of cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure) and databases (SQL or NoSQL).
Confident in working with MS Office (Excel, Word etc.). Knowledge of VBA is an advantage
Experience with version control/ collaboration platforms (e.g., Git).
Proficiency in programming languages, such as Python, VB script is an advantage. Adaptability to learn new programming languages.
Speak & write English (upper-intermediate and above). Other languages is an advantage.
Willingness to learn new technologies.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent communication and collaboration skills.
Ability to work independently and remotely.​
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
At ECTIVE, we’re a team of automation experts with extensive experience in delivering innovative solutions that make business operations smarter and more efficient.
Our specialists bring years of cross-industry expertise — from banking and FMCG to oil and gas — helping organizations streamline their processes and achieve measurable impact.
We provide end-to-end automation services, including RPA delivery, training, and consulting. Beyond implementation, we actively share our know-how with other automation partners and continuously explore new technologies.
Our collaborations with cognitive solution providers keep us at the forefront of innovation, enabling our robots to become more intelligent and adaptable every day.
With our deep understanding of automation and commitment to continuous improvement, we help businesses of all sizes optimize their workflows, reduce complexity, and boost productivity.
For more information, visit www.ective.eu
Contact
Contact person: Lydia Stoffan
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5042545
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.10.2025
2025-10-20
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
,
C# Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
Spoločnosť:
ECTIVE s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month