Who we are
Company
Open Roles
18
Benefits
Early Talent
Back
Data Scientist
Place of work
Zbrojničná, Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Start date & Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Who is CAT Digital? What do we do?
Big machines require big thinking. Are you looking for your next big challenge?
Cat® Digital is the digital and technology arm of Caterpillar Inc., leveraging the latest technologies to build industry leading digital solutions for our customers and dealers. With over one million connected assets worldwide, our teams use data, technology, advanced analytics, telematics, and AI capabilities to help our customers build a better world.
Working with a Fortune 100 leader, you can build your career on a global scale and take advantage of development opportunities with emerging technologies. We’ve created an inclusive environment for you to explore your passions, make an impact and do the work that really matters. Join Us.
Job Opportunity:
We are seeking talented individuals to join our team to help us grow our presence, organization, culture, which will drive our digital product development efforts. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies and collaborate with top professionals working on very high impact and visibility products. Don't miss this chance to join a newly forming presence and support digital innovation for a global leader in heavy machinery!
What will you do?
As a Data Scientist will perform analytical tasks and initiatives on huge amount of data to support data-driven business decision and development. Your mission is to cultivate a data-driven product development culture, utilizing insights to optimize our digital investments. Drive the expansion of revenue and customer base by enhancing dealer business operations and elevating product utilization through enhanced customer engagements.
Directing the data gathering, data mining, and data processing in large volume; creating appropriate data models.
Exploring, promoting, and implementing semantic data capabilities through Natural -Language Processing, text analysis and machine learning techniques.
Leading to define requirements and scope of data analyses; presenting and reporting possible business insights to management using data visualization technologies.
Evaluating and conducting research on data model optimization and algorithms to improve effectiveness and accuracy on data analyses.
This position works directly with Slovakia based engineering leadership and Cat Digital IT in the US.
Employee perks, benefits
At Caterpillar, we are committed to fostering a culture of innovation and continuous learning, and we believe in investing in the development of our employees. As a member of our team, you will have access to a wide range of training and development opportunities, as well as very competitive compensation and benefits packages, like:
3 000+ euros / month gross
Performance related annual cash incentive
Industry leading Pension plan
5 days of extra vacation above the legislative requirement
Attractive Life insurance
1 volunteering day
Multisport Card
Information about the selection process
Please frequently check the email associated with your application, including the junk/spam folder, as this is the primary correspondence method. If you wish to know the status of your application – please use the candidate log-in on our career website as it will reflect any updates to your status. ​
Caterpillar is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws.​
Caterpillar is committed to creating a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion, respect and integrity, customer focus, and innovation. For more information, visit https://www.caterpillar.com/en/careers/why-caterpillar.html​
Follow us on, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube..​
#LI
#Indeed
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Solid knowledge in applying Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, etc.) programming to solve business challenges.
Working knowledge and experience in practical applications of Machine Learning techniques such as Clustering, Logistic Regression, Random Forests, SVM or Neural Networks.
Experience with AWS services, Cloud ELT/ETL, Snowflake, SQL.
Strong knowledge of end-to-end data lifecycle across traditional data warehouses, relational databases, operational data stores, business intelligence reporting, as well as new concepts such as data fabrics, data mesh, and data lake house.
Strong understanding of data governance, metadata management, data quality, data modeling, and data architecture concepts.
Experience utilizing quantitative analysis/ data management (data design, data quality, metadata, governance, etc.).
Knowledge of data technology products and components for Big Data and Cloud (AWS, Data Lakes, and similar)
Ability to clearly communicate complex technical ideas, regardless of the technical capacity of the audience.
Analytical Thinking: Knowledge of techniques and tools that promote effective analysis; ability to determine the root cause of organizational problems and create alternative solutions that resolve these problems.
Query and Database Access Tools: Knowledge of data management systems; ability to use, support and access facilities for searching, extracting and formatting data for further use.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Caterpillar
is a company of
builders
. Of
challenge breakers
. Of
innovators
who want to impact the world. Our people build and design the products and services that help
shape the communities
where we work and live.
We are building on our legacy and innovating for the next generation. One where
technology-enabled services
create improved outcomes for our people and the customers and communities we serve.
Our ability to innovate and build
begins with our people
. Our tech and digital teams are at the forefront of Caterpillar’s evolution – taking pride in
solving complex problems by building new systems
from the ground up.
On our team, you’ll
leverage data
from across our entire enterprise and
more than 1.5M connected assets
to solve problems and find solutions that open a new world of possibilities for our machines, our customers, our dealers and our business.
While the challenge is great, so is the opportunity. Working with a
Fortune 100 leader
, you can build your career
on a global scale
and take advantage of development opportunities with
emerging technologies
like telematics, data engineering, AI and machine learning, and predictive analytics.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Patricia Kundratova
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
If there is currently no open position suitable for you, please submit your e-mail address and preferences. If a new position (opened in the future) aligns with your qualifications and interests, you may be contacted about the opportunity.
Send CV
Poštová 18, 040 01 Košice
© 2025-2026 Caterpillar. All rights reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5048922
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.12.2025
2025-12-05
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
Python Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Caterpillar Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month