IT Technician Junior  (Maternity leave cover)
Dentons Europe CS LLP, organizačná zložka
Place of work
Bottova 7939/2a, Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
1 800 EUR/month
The offered salary will reflect the candidate’s level of experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Role
The IT Technician Junior will work with the IT ServiceDesk team to manage their daily tasks. The IT Technician Junior   will also provide technical support and guidance to staff and clients, fix issues, and implement IT policies and procedures.
Responsibilities and duties
Provide IT service desk´s daily activities and ensure that all customer requests are completed within the agreed SLAs.
Keep track of complicated problems and raise them to vendors or internal IT experts.
Keep IT equipment and supplies in good condition.
Maintain regular and proactive communication with the IT Manager.
Provide first line technical support, answering user queries relating to hardware and software problems.
Participate in Europe IT activities.
Research and evaluate new IT solutions and make recommendations for improvement.
Diagnose and resolve IT problems and escalate complex issues to external vendors or specialists.
Ensure processes, policies and best practices are followed.
Provide excellent customer service, ensure users can continue to work.
Log all IT incidents and Service Requests into the ticketing system.
Escalate incidents with accurate documentation to service owners, when required.
Adhere to duties as assigned to fully meet the requirements of the position.
Provide local IT training for new joiners and regular staff training sessions.
Preparation of the actual guidelines.
Employee perks, benefits
Enjoy a great work-life balance with 5 extra vacation days beyond the legal minimum. Take time to recharge and relax.
Take advantage of our comprehensive benefits package, which includes membership in the private healthcare program ProCare, a Multi-sport card for wellness and fitness activities, and even massages during working hours. We care about your well-being and want to help you stay healthy and happy.
Be rewarded for your hard work with personal performance-based bonuses, and take advantage of online training programs provided by the firm to help you grow professionally. We're committed to your development and success.
Enjoy a modern workplace in SkyPark Offices with contemporary furniture, a sunny summer terrace, and plenty of perks like free coffee and tea. Our office is pet- and kid-friendly, and there's no dress code.
Join in on our philanthropy projects, where you can support a charity or non-profit organization. We also offer fun team-building events such as a Traditional Ski trip to Austria, Summer grill parties on the boat, and Christmas parties. We believe in having fun while making a difference.
We're committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace, with fair recruitment practices that offer opportunities to all. We believe that everyone has something valuable to contribute.
Information about the selection process
If you are interested in this opportunity, we invite you to submit your CV along with a cover letter for consideration.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Information Technology
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
This position is also suitable for candidates with limited experience or recent graduates.
The position is suitable for a fresh graduate
Yes
Personality requirements and skills
Written and verbal communication skills.
A team player with the focus on quality, accuracy and positive internal client experience.
English CEFR B2 (Confident English speaker, able to understand technical manuals, able to fluently communicate with European management as well as Europe and Global Level 2 and Level 3 support teams.)
Able to communicate in non-technical terms with his internal clients.
Problem diagnosis and analytical skills.
Can adapt to differing demands, prioritizing tasks, where appropriate.
Able to make decisions and remain calm while under pressure.
Proactive with a "can-do" attitude in all areas, with a strong sense of self-motivation.
Technical Skills and Experience
Experience in an IT technical client–facing role is welcome but not required.
Knowledge of PC hardware set-up and configuration (including printers and wireless devices) is welcome but not required.
Knowledge of Microsoft based operating systems and tools (Windows 10, Group Policies and Active Directory) with emphasis on troubleshooting MS Office 365 based services (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Teams, SharePoint, OneDrive) is welcome but not required.
Passion for Apple iOS, iPadOS and MacOS products and services.
Experience in using ticketing system would be beneficial (e.g. Jira, ServiceNow, BMC, …) is welcome but not required.
Previous experience in dealing with vendors and IT procurement is welcome but not required.
Ability to document IT processes and procedures would be beneficial is welcome but not required.
Ability to write and update VB/PowerShell scripts would be beneficial is welcome but not required.
Experience working in an ITIL driven environment is is welcome but not required.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Dentons is the largest global law firm in the world. We are present in over 80 countries and operate in more than 200 locations with over 20,000 employees.
Our Bratislava office, with more than twenty years of experience in the market and a strong team of 25 lawyers, 7 junior associates, 4 students, and 15 administrative staff, provides high-quality legal advice both in cross-border and local transactions, in strategic decision-making, and in managing the everyday affairs of our clients. Rather than focusing on theoretical legal analysis, we offer our clients efficient business solutions and provide concrete, practical advice that helps them reach business agreements or resolve disputes.
As a result of feedback from our clients, we are consistently ranked in international publications such as Chambers, Legal 500, and IFLR1000, which evaluate law firms and where we have been ranked highly both as a firm and as individuals in the Slovak and European markets. According to The Slovak Spectator survey, we are among the top 10 largest law firms in Slovakia and the third-largest international firm in the Slovak market.
Our clients include both local and international companies. The cases and transactions we work on are often reported in the media as some of the biggest, most significant, or groundbreaking at the time.
You can learn more about us and our activities at www.dentons.com, on our Dentons LinkedIn profile, or via #DentonsBratislava.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5051182
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.3.2026
2026-03-16
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Dentons Europe CS LLP, organizačná zložka
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 800 EUR/month