O SPOLOČNOSTI
NAŠE SLUŽBY
PRE KANDIDÁTOV
KONTAKT
IT Service Specialist
Information about the position
Place of work:
Žilina
Wage (gross):
From 1 500 EUR/month
final monthly basic salary is based on candidate´s professional experience, skills and knowledge*
Start date:
By agreement
Contract type:
full-time
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Objectives:
Co-ordinate and Manage IT Service Operational activities under IT  Operations, primarily covering Incident, Problem and Change Management tasks , Corrective Actions and permanent fix by cross functional teams.
Responsibilities:
- Provide  support to customer including software and hardware, monitoring of hosted services and devices
- Assist users over the telephone, through e-mail, voice mail, chat, over web interface and other means customers reaches out to Service Desk seeking IT support
- Identify and solve software and hardware problems by giving step-by-step instructions
- Provide advanced support to customer’s PC using remote control tool
- Effectively communicates with other team members, 2nd and 3rd Level technical teams, end-users to reach SLAs
- Handle and document all incoming requests or incidents within the contractually agreed timeframes in Helpdesk tracking database/Service Management tool. Own the ticket throughout its life cycle and ensure that all relevant information is captured as per Quality guidelines. Follow up on the existing tickets, escalate unsolved cases to appropriate IT team: Network/Server Support team, Application Support team or other Support teams and ensure cases' timely resolution.
- Log all calls in the Helpdesk tracking database in English simultaneously with handling the call-in native language
- Instruct users on usage of application systems.
Information about the selection process
* We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. Your actual final salary is based on your professional competencies, skills, qualifications and experience matching the position.
If you are interested in our offer, send your CV in Slovak or English to email: ivana.jurikova@prohr.sk.
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
International IT company.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT/Technical
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
IT support
Number of years of experience
2
Personality requirements and skills
- General knowledge of IS support and management
- Minimum High School Degree (preferred College /University Degree or studies in progress)
- English language - advanced
Advantages:
- Techno-Functional / Cross Tower experience from SW domain & HW
- Troubleshooting - Identifies and understands issues, problems, and opportunities; compares data from different sources to draw conclusions
-  Excellent learning skills and high level of flexibility
- Ability to adhere to established work procedures and protocols
- Flexibility and capacity to grow with the business
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Pro HR, s.r.o. je personálno-poradenská spoločnosť špecializujúca sa na oblasť služieb recruiting & selection, executive search a HR consulting. Svojim klientom poskytujeme individuálny prístup k riešeniu otázky zabezpečenia kvalifikovaných zamestnancov. Pro HR realizuje vyhľadávanie a výber kandidátov aktívnym a priamym spôsobom prostredníctvom služieb recruiting & selection a executive search.
Konzultanti spoločnosti permanentne mapujú trh, poznajú aký typ zamestnancov sa nachádza v spoločnostiach s podobným zameraním klienta, príp. konkrétne vhodné pozície s ich náplňou a zodpovednosťami v iných spoločnostiach. Na základe ich znalosti je možné priamo osloviť potenciálne vhodného kandidáta s požadovaným súborom znalostí a skúsenosti.
Spoločnosť Pro HR, s.r.o. sa v oblasti vyhladávania a výberu kandidátov špecializuje na cieľovú skupinu:
1. nižší, stredný, vyšší manažment
2. špecializované pozície – financie, predaj & marketing, logistika & nákup, procesy a kvalita, project management & stratégia + support, CRM
3. IT/telco technické pozície, Help Desk pozície (IT a telco špecialisti, programátori, analytici, SW architekti, projektoví manažéri, atď.)
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
10-19 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Ivana Juríková
Tel.:
+421 911 189 261
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5053835
Dátum zverejnenia:
9.2.2026
2026-02-09
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
IT Manager
,
IT Project Manager
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Operations Manager
,
Systems Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Pro HR
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month