About us
Benefits
Jobs
HR Systems Analyst (SuccessFactors focus)
Contract Type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 100 EUR/month
The final level of salary is dependent on skills, knowledge and experience of a candidate.
Place of work
SKY PARK Offices I Alto Real Estate, Bottova, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
About the job
Imagine a role where you can combine your technical know-how with your client centricity. We are looking for a professional to join our team of SuccessFactors experts. In your role, you will support the users of our HR systems in the mother company of Austria, as well as in Slovakia and Czech Republic. Our aim is to provide seamless experience to our users and we need you to help us!
How will your job look like?
Support for incidents related to Successfactors and data integrations (CZ/SK)
Consulting and assistance for the users
Interface function between local HR, IT, external service providers and company group
Responsibility for troubleshooting
Monitoring of existing interfaces to other applications (e.g. local payroll systems)
Collaboration in the implementation of Successfactors modules in CZ, SK
Creating concepts of country-specific requirements and extensions
Support with system settings
Your skills & qualifications
2+ years of relevant professional experience
Experience in SuccessFactors Modules: Recruiting, Onboarding, Performance & Goals, Compensation, Analytics; Basic knowledge of Employee Central Modul
Technical know-how in the HR area (HR processes, HR data, basic knowledge of payroll)
Good IT application knowledge and database understanding
“Agile mindset”: Knowledge and practical experience with agile methods
Fluent in English, Slovak and/or Czech
Our benefits
WHAT CAN WE OFFER YOU?
Glad you asked!
13th salary and performance-based bonus
Flexible working hours with possibility to work  from home up to 50%
3 sick days/year
Additional days off (eg. the last working day of the year, volunteering activities)
Pension contributions and discounts on UNIQA insurance products
Company phone available also for personal use
Free car and bicycle parking
Contribution to Multisport card
German language course
Education allowance for your learning and development
Referral bonus
Positive working atmosphere
At UNIQA 4WARD, we are dedicated to providing equal opportunities to all employees and applicants. We respect and value each other regardless of race, color, ethnicity, cultural background, age, gender, gender identity or expression, nationality, religion, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We believe that diversity enriches our workplace and fosters a culture of inclusivity, respect, and collaboration.
What can you expect from our selection process?
First, our HR Specialist will reach out to you by phone for a short conversation.
Following this, for most of our openings, you can expect a first virtual interview with your prospective manager and team. The second round is typically conducted in person with the UNIQA 4WARD management team.
We are looking 4ward to meeting you!
For other job openings, please click here.
Contact person: Jana Lupová
E-Mail:
jana.lupova@uniqa.at
UNIQA 4WARD, organizačná zložka,
Branch office of UNIQA Insurance Group AG
Sky Park Offices, Bottova 7939/2A
811 09 Bratislava, Slovakia
www.uniqa4ward.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5059014
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.11.2025
2025-11-03
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Systems Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
,
User Experience Expert
Spoločnosť:
UNIQA 4WARD, organizačná zložka
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 100 EUR/month