Software Engineer AI - ARIS
Software AG Development Center Slovakia, s.r.o.
Miesto práce
Južná trieda, Košice, Slovensko (Pozícia umožňuje občasnú prácu z domu)
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Termín nástupu
asap
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
Od 2 800 EUR/mesiac
depending on skills and experience salary might be higher
Informácie o pracovnom mieste
Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednosti
Be you, join us
The R&D Engineer will be responsible for driving the design, development, and enhancement of ARIS features, working closely with cross-functional teams, including product management, engineering, and customer support. This role demands passion for innovation, and the ability to translate complex business requirements into cutting-edge technical solutions.
Essential Functions:
Technical      implementation of innovative components that integrate and utilize AI      (LLMs)
Supporting the entire product      lifecycle, from requirements analysis to testing and deployment in the      cloud
Work in a software development      process following the principles of Agile in international teams
Collaboration with our UX      experts, product management and global support
Enhancement and maintenance of      existing products
Monitor/triage customer issues,      troubleshoot and resolve defects.
Zamestnanecké výhody, benefity
Employee perks, benefits
​• Earn competitive total compensation and receive comprehensive country-specific medical and other benefits.
​• Annual financial bonus up to 200% of the monthly salary
​• Enjoy time and location flexibility with our Hybrid Working Model. Work anywhere in your country or abroad for up to 10 days per year.
​• Set yourself up for success in your new role by upgrading your home office space using your one-time hybrid work payment.
​• Meditate using your premium Headspace subscription.
​• Prioritize yourself during bi-weekly Meeting Free to Develop & Learn Mondays by participating in our instructor-led or self-paced learning opportunities to help you reach your career goals.
​• Work-life balance policy: you get Extra Vacation days & Sickness days.
​• Lean on the Employee Assistance Program for support during some of life’s most common but difficult challenges.​
Informácie o výberovom konaní
If you are interested in the advertised position, please upload your CV in English language to https://softwareag.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/REC_SAG_ext/job/Kosice/XMLNAME--Senior--Software-Engineer_R5576
We will contact only chosen candidates.
Požiadavky na zamestnanca
Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelaním
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
Vzdelanie v odbore
Computer Science
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Stredne pokročilý (B2)
Prax na pozícii/v oblasti
software development
Počet rokov praxe
3
Osobnostné predpoklady a zručnosti
Experience in the field of      software development with Java and React, GitHub
Familiarity      with AI (LLM integration,      fine-tuning) and prototyping/evaluation in Python is an advantage
Ideally you already have experience      working with CI/CD pipelines and hyper-scalers
Inzerujúca spoločnosť
Stručná charakteristika spoločnosti
Software AG Development Center Slovakia was founded in 2005 as a subsidiary of Software AG and operates in Kosice. Fifty employees are mainly focused on the development of ARIS. ARIS offers a truly collaborative process improvement environment. It makes processes transparent, controlled, manageable and agile. Business and IT get the tools they need to collaborate for true end-to-end business and IT improvement, guided by governance. ARIS also enables enterprises to confidently meet internal and external legal requirements and standards while efficiently managing risks.
We are looking for experts to join one of our development teams. The development teams consist of highly experienced software engineers following SCRUM/AGILE principles. The successful candidates will take part in the overall Software Development process and will work in close collaboration with all international teams.
ARIS, the Process Intelligence leader and part of Software GmbH, helps organizations turn their processes into value. By managing the entire process lifecycle with a single, integrated suite, ARIS enables companies to define, analyze, simulate, optimize and control their processes.
ARIS is consistently recognized by Gartner and Forrester as a leader in Process Intelligence and Process Mining and is trusted by thousands of businesses across finance, healthcare, manufacturing, retail and others to improve and reinvent their business. For more information, visit www.ARIS.com and follow ARIS on LinkedIn.
At SAG ARIS GmbH we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect and fairness where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and employees without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, pregnancy, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
Počet zamestnancov
25-49 zamestnancov
Kontakt
Kontaktná osoba: Andrea Zárembová
Tel.:
+421905628571
E-mail:
poslať životopis
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5069025
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.12.2025
2025-12-17
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Softvérový inžinier
Spoločnosť:
Software AG Development Center Slovakia, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/mesiac