About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Java Fullstack Engineer
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 700 - 4 500 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between [EUR 2,700] and [EUR 4,500] per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers:
•	the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, 
•	the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience.
In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits.
Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the role
The primary responsibility of an Application Engineer is the overall technology delivery of the Product and Manage Application(s) lifecycle of applications. Together with other team-members like Engineering leads, Product Owners, plan the project timeline, assess risk, prioritize technical tasks and plan milestones and delivery of project.
The responsibility could span multiple products and would require collaboration across various global teams with a mix of both internal and external members.
We’re looking for potential team members who …
•	Full Stack development experience with strong fundamentals with in-depth knowledge of core technologies and platforms.
•	Have strong understanding of software development process.
•	Have extensive experience working in agile cross-functional and continuous delivery teams.
•	Are data driven and a pragmatic problem solver with an eye for business who loves creating order out of uncertainty and thinks strategically about tough trade-offs.
•	Have a resilient personality, comfortable with change and able to get over setbacks and motivate peers to do the same.
•	Can listen, comprehend the vision, challenge requirements and work out a realistic design.
About the Team
Our team is the global L&H Reinsurance Engineering team, responsible for the technical Architecture and Engineering of IT solutions for Reinsurance business unit. The team members are passionate about technology with deep understanding of the reinsurance business. We closely collaborate with other teams and colleagues around the globe to share knowledge and engineer solutions.
Growing experience will, over time, give you a broad view on Architecture & Engineering of a global reinsurer and enable you to have a comprehensive understanding, people and systems involved and how these systems shape business outcomes. This will allow you to build up an excellent foundation for a next career step in a role closer to the operational business activities in our global organization.
Employee perks, benefits
You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
To succeed in this role, you will possess …
•	Over five years of experience in software engineering with strong fundamentals on data structures, algorithms & architecture patterns
•	At least five years of solid experience in Java core and related technologies in an enterprise system
•	At least four years of experience in Sprint Core, Spring MVC frameworks, with strong experience in Secure Coding Practices.
•	At least three years of working experience in UI frameworks like Angular/React JS
•	Have experience working in cross-functional teams and enterprise-wide programs, operating effectively across the organization and within complex contexts.
•	Being hands-on Engineer is key to be successful in this role, substantial Technology background with experience in the delivering IT projects including cloud-native applications, operations and knowledge of state-of-the-art technology.
•	Strong analytical skills, and seek problems in a structured way, joining your own creative ideas and those of others.
•	Combined agile practices with collaborative skills across cultures, geographies and organizational levels.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Juraj Naderer
Apply here
ID:
5084803
Dátum zverejnenia:
22.12.2025
2025-12-22
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Frontend developer
,
Java Programmer
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month