Tech lead/ Fullstack developer
MATERNA Information & Communications s.r.o.
Miesto práce
Práca z domu
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
3 500 - 4 700 EUR/mesiac
Informácie o pracovnom mieste
Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednosti
What can you expect:
work on an international long-term project. There will be 6 team members including tech lead and a Scrum master
this project focus on supply chain planning for German car manufacturer
project language is currently German, but we are migrating it into English. In Q4/2025-Q1/2026 will be the whole project in English language
travelling to Germany is on agreement, we will need you in Germany maybe once or twice per year for few days
long-term cooperation. we are not looking for freelancers, but for someone, who will stay with us also when this project finish, for someone who would like to grow with Materna
experience with scrum methodology is a big advantage
What skills you should have:
experience with fullstack development
strong experience with java OR kotlin (kotlin is preferred, but this is something you can learn if you are really good in java)
TypeScript & React
other technologies/tools we use: springboot, openapi, sql, docker, kubernetes, git/github, azure devops, ...
experience with scrum methodology (we have very clear process - one sprint - 3 weeks)
the team consists of developers and scrum master
developers are also responsible for testing of their own code
communication level of English language. If you have also an experience with German language it is a plus, but it is not mandatory
Zamestnanecké výhody, benefity
To help you recover and stay fit, we have 5 sick days a year and paid sick leave
Play sports like a pro with the MultiSport or BenefitPlus card and take advantage of the financial allowance for life events
With us you will have the opportunity to get various trainings and certifications
We celebrate our teams' successes together and organize company events where you have the opportunity to get to know your colleagues outside the work environment
Work from the comfort of your home and use the office to fit your working hours around your lifestyle
Fruit days bring you healthy snacks and employee discounts allow you to shop for discounted prices
Plus, get a referral and loyalty bonus to reward your loyalty and cooperation with us
Požiadavky na zamestnanca
Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelaním
stredoškolské s maturitou
nadstavbové/vyššie odborné vzdelanie
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
vysokoškolské III. stupňa
Inzerujúca spoločnosť
Stručná charakteristika spoločnosti
MATERNA patrí k popredným nezávislým poskytovateľom služieb IT. V celosvetovom meradle zamestnávame viac než 4000 pracovníkov, v bratislavskej pobočke je nás už viac ako 100. Úspech spoločnosti MATERNA je založený na dlhoročných a trvalých vzťahoch so zákazníkmi, ku ktorým patrí celý rad veľkých a stredných podnikov a inštitúcií verejnej správy v Európe, Ázii, USA a Kanade.
Naše riešenia optimalizujú business procesy podporované informačnými technológiami v segmentoch IT Service Management, Customer Service Management, Government Services a Web Services.
Počet zamestnancov
1000 a viac zamestnancov
Kontakt
Kontaktná osoba: Maros Kasak
E-mail:
poslať životopis
Všetky ponuky spoločnosti
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5087030
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.11.2025
2025-11-05
lokalita:
Práca z domu
Pozícia:
Java programátor
,
Javascript programátor
,
Programátor
,
Softvérový inžinier
Spoločnosť:
MATERNA Information & Communications s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/mesiac