We harness the power of tech to increase sustainability.
How do you want to use technology?
Senior SAP SD Consultant (S/4HANA End-to-End Migration)
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
POSITION
DESCRIPTION
Are you ready to shape the future of enterprise systems as a Senior SAP SD (Sales and Distribution) Consultant? Join us on our telco client transformation journey, where you’ll be at the heart of implementation — configuring systems, integrating third-party platforms, and rolling out intuitive Fiori-based user experiences. Your work will directly impact how the business operates, helping streamline processes and drive digital innovation in a cloud-first environment.
This is your chance to work with the latest in SAP S/4HANA Private Cloud, Business Technology Platform (BTP), and a dynamic team committed to making a difference.
WHAT WILL
YOU DO
Analyze and understand business requirements related to sales, distribution, and billing processes.
Design, configure, and implement SAP SD modules to meet business needs.
Provide support for SAP SD-related issues and enhancements.
Conduct unit testing, integration testing, and support user acceptance testing (UAT).
Participate in SAP rollouts, upgrades, and migration projects.
WHAT WE
EXPECT
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in IT or a related field
Recognized expertise (at least 5 years) in SAP SD including multiple full lifecycle implementations
Experienced in implementation, customization and maintenance of SAP SD module
Familiarity with integration points between SD and other SAP modules (MM, FI, etc.).
Experience with S/4HANA and FIORI
English language proficiency at upper intermediate (B2) or advanced (C1) level
Slovak language proficiency at advanced (C1) level
GET IN CONTACT:
Any questions? Then please send an email to your recruiter nikoleta.kollarova@accenture.com
We look forward to receiving your application!
WHAT WE
OFFER
Salary
3 000 - 4 600 EUR/month
Accenture offers a competitive compensation package. As required by the Slovak law we hereby state, that the legal monthly minimum gross base pay ranges from 3000€ up to 4 600€ depending on your professional and personal qualifications in the required areas.
Flexibility:
• Flexible working arrangements (time & place of work)
Recognition:
• Guaranteed paid overtime or overtime vacation
• German language bonus up to 400€ monthly/gross depending on language proficiency and level of seniority
• Flexible Benefit System - budget to be spent on services of your choice
• Competitive bonus structure
• Refer-a-Friend – get a bonus in the employee referral program
• Loyalty rewards
Future:
• Wide range of trainings and expert lectures
• Regular performance review and career growth possibilities
• Ongoing career guidance and mentoring (Global Mentoring Program, Lean In)
• Employee share purchase plan
Family & Health:
• 3 extra days off
• Sick leave salary compensation (up to 100%)
• Home-office equipment
• Family oriented benefits (Wedding, Parental and Baby days-off and bonuses)
• Employee assistance services (professional psychological, financial and legal help)
• Multisport card
• Contribution to special vision correction appliances
• Life and disability group insurance
• Sport vouchers for children’s sport activities and children camps
Interested?
Apply for this job
Similar career opportunities at Accenture
Senior SAP FI/CO Consultant (S/4HANA End-to-End Migration)
© 2020 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5089005
Dátum zverejnenia:
30.10.2025
2025-10-30
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Architect
,
IT Consultant
,
IT Product Manager
,
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Accenture, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month