Digital Workplace Messaging Postfix and Mail Relay Engineer
Unomedical s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
2 000 EUR/month
minimum 2.000€ / monthly (depending on experiences and quality of the candidate) + annual global incentive plan-bonus and other benefits in compliance with social benefit program of the company
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Key responsibilities
Administer and maintain the Messaging infrastructure and services.
Update Logs, prepare reports and submit to Leadership.
Participate in project delivery.
Apply governance policies and best practices.
Investigate and fix incidents.
Support 2nd level escalations.
Working conditions
Fully remote work from home - Attendance in the office will be required for company events.
Employee perks, benefits
Employee perks, benefits:
Annual global incentive plan-bonus
Large corporation with representation and manufacturing plants in the world
Stable employer in Slovakia, Košice region
Corporate culture – Underpinning everything we do are our values:
Improve Care
Deliver results
Grow together
Own it
Do what´s right
Introduction program according to company standards
Development trainings
Career opportunities for internal employees
Referral bonus system
Recognition program
Supplementary pension plan after the trial period with the employer's contribution
Social fund (various support and perks for employees)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
The position of Messaging Engineer integrates our global Digital Workplace Messaging team inside IT Operations area. The role includes senior messaging engineering skills, and therefore act as a 2nd Level escalation point for all matters regarding to Messaging. It is also expected that this person actively participates in project delivery related work, been seen as a subject matter expert in matters related to Messaging, eventually supporting the Architecture team in technical decisions. The position requires a thorough technical knowledge of Microsoft Exchange and Exchange Online, since he will be accounted for timely resolution of incidents and ensure the proper maintenance of technical documentation.
Key requirements
Proven experience in a global organization and deep knowledge of hybrid Exchange infrastructures.
Proven experience in the setup and management of transactional email systems.
Deep knowlege in the setup of email authentication and autorisation protocols (SPF, DKIM and DMARC).
Deep knowledge of enterprise level mail relay systems, Exchange EOP, ATP and DLP.
Education/ Qualificatio
ns
Have a minimum of 5 years of experience in a similar position in a large and multi-national enterprise environment.
3+ years hands-on technical experience administering Hybrid Exchange environments with multiple AD forests.
3+ years hands-on technical experience administering Transactional email systems.
Ideally certifications in Microsoft Exchange both online and on-prem.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Sme priekopníkom v zavádzaní dôveryhodných medicínskych riešení na zlepšenie životov, ktorých sa dotýkame: Unomedical s.r.o. je súčasťou spoločnosti Convatec, ktorá je globálnou firmou v oblasti medicínskych produktov a technológií. Zameriava sa na riešenia pre zvládanie chronických stavov a má vedúce postavenie v pokročilej starostlivosti hojenia rán, stómie, inkontinencie a infúznej terapie. S viac ako 10 000 kolegami celosvetovo poskytujeme naše produkty a služby v približne 90 krajinách, a to všetko spojené s prísľubom Forever caring (večnej starostlivosti). Naše riešenia prinášajú celý rad výhod, od prevencie infekcií a ochrany ohrozenej kože, až po zlepšené výsledky pre pacientov a znížené náklady na starostlivosť. Tržby spoločnosti Convatec v roku 2024 presiahli 2 miliardy dolárov. Spoločnosť je zaradená do indexu FTSE 100 (LSE:CTEC). Ak sa chcete dozvedieť viac, navštívte prosím https://www.convatecgroup.com
Ďalšie informácie nájdete na https://careers.convatec.com – ďakujeme za váš záujem!
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Vanda Caldeira
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5093932
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.11.2025
2025-11-12
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
,
IT System Administrator
,
Service Engineer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Unomedical s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month