Junior Software Developer - student embedded software testing
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
part-time
Salary
6 EUR/hour
From 6 €
gross/hour
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join us in pioneering breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably.
Our inspiring and caring environment forms a global community that celebrates diversity and individuality. We encourage you to step beyond your comfort zone, offering resources and flexibility to foster your professional and personal growth, all while valuing your unique contributions.
Apply now for the position of
Junior Software Developer - student embedded software testing.
Your role:
Code implementation and bug fixing based on project specifications and guidelines from senior team members.
Collaborating with team developers, designers, and testers to contribute to project discussions, code reviews, and team activities.
Learning and professional development, continuously learn new programming skills and stay updated with industry trends to enhance their technical expertise.
Your expertise:
Python, C, Shell/Bash
Linux - Basic commands knowledge (etc, bin, home, root, mnt)
ZBasic network skills - Co je to DHCP, SSH, IP, Port, Subnet Mask
UART, SPI, I2C
Basic of electronic and measurement - working with oscilloscope,...
Basic knowledge GIT or other version management system
Basic salary component (gross) and other remuneration:
The offered remuneration is from 6 € gross / hour, depending on experience. After incorporation possibility to increase.
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Long-term part-time job during studies with the opportunity to gain experience in an international company
Possibility to work 20 hours with flexible working hours
The possibility of self-realization in an international corporation
Meal vouchers
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5095056
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.10.2025
2025-10-27
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
6 EUR/hour