We care deeply about the impact we make.
What impact do you want your career to make?
Junior Business Analyst (part-time for students)
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
part-time
POSITION
DESCRIPTION
The Strategy & Consulting part of Accenture focuses on solving business problems, defining strategies, and guiding business transformation. If you enjoy exploring business models, strategy, and problem-solving while working on diverse projects, then S&C could be your fit. Our project teams are widely spread role-wise, from business strategists, value realization consultants, project managers, and data analysts, giving you the opportunity to take on different roles and responsibilities across various projects. Consulting offers one of the fastest learning environments, where every project exposes you to new industries, business models, and technologies. You will work in a collaborative setting and deliver impact for leading organizations and public institutions.
WHAT WILL
YOU DO
Are you a forward-thinking, analytical, and tech-savvy student eager to explore the world of consulting, strategy, or tech-driven business? Join us and begin your career as a Junior Business Analyst, working on multinational, large-scale transformation programs for clients across industries such as Telecommunications, Financial Services, Utilities, and EU Institutions.
You will work closely with our consultants to help clients solve complex business challenges, identify growth opportunities, and optimize their technology utilization, including emerging AI solutions. You will gain behind-the-scenes access to our internal processes, project frameworks, and consulting know-how.
YOUR MISSION:
Collaborate with senior consultants to gather and analyze data, conduct market research, and assess clients’ processes and ways of working.
Engage directly with clients, from project teams to leaders like CFOs and CTOs, turning your insights into real strategic impact.
Support the development and delivery of strategic recommendations, reports, and presentations.
Apply proven consulting frameworks and methodologies to identify challenges.
Suggest more effective and efficient solutions for key business tasks.
WHAT WE
EXPECT
Active university student who started their 4th or 5th year in September 2025.
Fluent in English and Slovak (spoken and written at least B2+).
Ability to think out of the box and offer unique perspective to the client.
Eagerness to contribute in a team-oriented environment.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Self-motivated and proactive approach.
Ability to work creatively and analytically on projects focused on solving the business requirements of the client.
Ability to meet client travel requirements, when applicable.
Independence and reliability.
WHAT WE
OFFER
Salary
7,5 EUR/hour
Accenture offers a competitive compensation package. As required by Slovak law we state that the legal monthly minimum gross base pay ranges from 7.50 € per hour depending on your professional and personal qualifications in the required areas.
Flexibility:
• Flexible working hours
Recognition:
• Multisport card
• Meal allowance
• Refer-a-Friend – get a bonus in the employee referral program
• Employee discounts on selected services and partners
• Employee assistance program
• Telehealth
• Health care in medical centers
Future:
• Training program
• Regular performance reviews focused on development and recognition
• Ongoing career guidance and mentoring
Interested?
Apply for this job
Similar career opportunities at Accenture
Content & Market Research Intern (part-time for students)
© 2020 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5096477
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.11.2025
2025-11-03
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Business Analyst
,
Consultant
,
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Accenture, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
7,5 EUR/hour