Abap Developer
Location:
Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary:
2 500 EUR/month
Contract type:
full-time
Your role
You will be immersed in our business and product offerings, with daily responsibilities that include:
Acquiring new skills in SAP-related and Open Source technologies while contributing to development projects
Providing customer support
Troubleshooting and offering on-call client assistance
Programming according to specifications and design documents, with opportunities to create your own software designs
Maintaining and expanding our software portfolio
Supporting your team and actively participating in knowledge sharing
Your tasks will be tailored to your skills, experience, and competencies.
Your skills
You are innovative, creative and resourceful, with passion for working on custom build software solutions and its features. You are keen to learn more about SAP, Big Data management, test automation and data analytics as well as get in touch with new technologies such as Hadoop, HIVE, in memory databases etc.
What We’re Looking For: If you’re innovative, creative, and passionate about developing custom software solutions, we want you on our team! Here’s what makes you a great fit:
Tech Enthusiast: You’re excited to explore SAP, Big Data management, test automation, and data analytics. Plus, you’re eager to work with cutting-edge technologies like Hadoop, HIVE, and in-memory databases.
Team Player: You’re motivated, eager to learn, and ready to collaborate with a young, dynamic team.
Aspiring Professional: You’re in the final stages of your technical/IT-focused university studies or about to graduate, and you’re ready to kickstart your career.
Programming Pro: You have a solid grasp ABAP programming language.
Database Basics: You understand the fundamentals of SQL and database systems.
Communicator: You can confidently speak and write in English at an intermediate level.
Benefits
Extra beneficial paid sick leave
Fully covered lunch allowance
Budget for personal wellbeing up to 1100€(based on years of employment)
Up to 2000€ referral bonus
Sick days
Multisport card
Sabbatical leave
Extra vacation on round work anniversaries
Possibility to travel abroad
Flexible working time
Home office posibilities
Worldwide travel insurance
Teambuilding events
Exciting challenges and personal development opportunities
Language classes and other training opportunities
Apply now
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Your HR contact
Angelica Iannuzzi
Recruitment Specialist
In what language should I send my CV?
Please send your CV in English. It‘s possible that your manager is located in Germany or is not native in Slovak.
What does the interview process look like?
The interview process typically consists of:
A short 15-minute introductory call with the HR department.
A 1-hour interview with the hiring manager and HR.
Depending on the position, a 20-minute call with a colleague from Germany or a department head.
Will there be any assessments or tests as part of the recruitment process?
Yes, for specific positions, we may require candidates to take tests. The types of tests may vary depending on the position.
For more information about SNP Group visit:
www.snpgroup.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5096827
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.10.2025
2025-10-20
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
ABAP Programmer
,
Backend developer
Spoločnosť:
SNP Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month