Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Security Engineer for PACCA program
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Our mission with PACCA (Patch Automation Change CapAbility) is to create transparency about the patch-status of the cloud and on-premises environments. For this purpose, we will centrally roll out and automate a workflow application named IBM Concert.
What will you do?
Provide analytical and technical security recommendations to other team members, oversight boards, and clients. Identifies requirements, based upon need or as the result of a security issue that puts organizations systems at risk.
Work on projects to ensure secure solutions implemented
Work on vulnerabilities – finding solutions, testing, packaging up for operations
Review current policies and procedures for applicability, and system OS security patch levels, and ensures safe transition of applications to production.
Develop, debug, test and support the certification process
Create, maintain, and document security baselines
Evaluate and recommend secure remote configurations
Work with and coordinates appropriate IT staff to implement solutions which will meet or exceed customer expectations
Provide risk analysis for vulnerabilities, incidents and change requests
Function as technical lead during a security incident response
Create  security related KGI,  KPIs, provide tracking of KPIs on regular basis including trends, recommendations for improvement
You will succeed if you:
hold Master’s degree
have Security Management experience – 3 years
speak English - Upper intermediate (B2)
have system admin background
have cloud related and on-prem related skills
have Linux scripting background (RedHat, SUSE, Ubuntu, Oracle Linux)
haveK8S, ECS Know-how
have Ansible know-how
are familiar with GitLab and a DevIDE
Other criteria or requirements
Interpersonal Experience:
have good communication, influencing, and interpersonal skills
are able to work across various cultures and across organizations and company boundaries.
are able  to lead people in project structures, identify goals to be pursued, and to influence others towards these same goals.
Customer Experience:
have good presentation skills
are both a self-starter and team player, who can work without direct supervision
are creative thinker, ability to see the bigger picture in a pragmatic, sensible way
have good analytical skills, ability to make concise, well documented decisions, in agreement with the strategy and vision of the team.
are able to continuously communicate and discussion with team members in bringing all the right information and delivering the same result.
have good general business awareness
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Dana Dráčová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5097218
Dátum zverejnenia:
29.10.2025
2025-10-29
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
,
Service Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month