Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior DevOps Engineer for PACCA program
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 600 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
Senior DevOps Engineer is responsible for entire lifecycle of Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment pipelines and Infrastructure as Code approaches. Takes account and defines automated configuration management, release management, build, test and deployment activities. Provides prototypes and concepts for further automation of assigned technology.
PACCA program description:
Our mission with PACCA (Patch Automation Change CapAbility) is to create transparency about the patch-status of the cloud and on-premises environments. For this purpose, we will centrally roll out and automate a workflow application named IBM Concert.
Besides that, the overall area provides products, services, processes to ensure cloud deployments of Deutsche Telekom IT are secured by default with a reasonable effort. The main goal is to minimize the manual invest of enabling the Privacy and Security Assessment for the applications and data.
What will you do?
Designs, develops, tests and implements infrastructure for CI/CD pipelines and IaC.
Support of complex projects with regard to drafting, development, deployment & quality assurance up to production.
Continuous integration and continuous delivery.
Develop and implement strategies for automated integration and delivery of cloud-related security requirements.
Work closely with our cloud landing zones with DevOps teams as your stakeholders to innovate the process efficiency and performance of the software and system landscapes.
Conducts of performance analyses and tunings, as well as error analyses and troubleshooting.
Consults and implements new innovative technologies to satisfy innovation strategy.
Creates concepts for further automation of services, processes and/or operating models.
Continuously optimizes the development and system infrastructure.
Provides consulting to project teams on areas of expertise also Prototypes/Proof of Concept solutions.
You will succeed if you:
have secondary education of Information technologies – Master
have experiences with ICT System – 4 years
have experience with Scripting (Bash, Python) – Expert
have experience with Linux Operating System – Expert
have experience with AWS / Azure – Intermediate
have experience with Docker, K8S – Advanced
have experience with Kubernetes / OpenShift – Advanced
have experience with Git – Expert
have experience with Jenkins / GitLab – Advanced
have experience with Ansible – Advanced
have experience with ELK / Prometheus / Icinga /  Jaeger / Grafana – Advanced
have experience with Networking - Expert
have experience with Security - Advanced
are communicative, team player and have analytical thinking, training skills and presentation skills
speak English – Upper intermediate (B2)
have experiences with Agile Methodology, Scrum and SAFe
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 2 600 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Cecilia Kotercova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5101495
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.11.2025
2025-11-04
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
Database Administrator
,
Systems Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 600 EUR/month