Data Analyst (Data Quality)
Synpulse Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Bottova 2a, Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Your Growth Unleashed
Where your journey begins and your potential shines
​At Synpulse, we don’t just consult – we transform. As a leading global management and technology consultancy with Swiss roots, we empower financial institutions to navigate change and seize new opportunities. Since 1996, we've been shaping the future of financial services by delivering cutting-edge expertise in strategy, operations, and technology to banks and insurers worldwide.
​What sets us apart is our people. At Synpulse, we cultivate a collaborative, high-impact culture where initiative and creativity are valued. With 21 offices across Europe, the Americas, and Asia-Pacific, we bring together diverse perspectives and talents. We believe innovation thrives where everyone feels they belong and can contribute.
​Our core values –
Embrace, Drive, Achieve
– shape how we work and evolve. We don’t just offer jobs – we offer the chance to develop, make an impact, and be part of a team that’s redefining the future of financial services.
As a Data Quality (DQ) Analyst, you will be a key player in ensuring the integrity and quality of our data. You’ll be at the forefront of our Report, Fix, Prevent strategy, combining the roles of
helpdesk analyst and data analyst
.
Key Responsibilities
DQ issues management
(Helpdesk + Data Analyst):
Be the first point of contact for      reported
Data Quality
issues
within the company.
Provide timely and effective      support through our Slack
Data Quality helpdesk
channel.
Manage
Data Quality tickets
using Jira to ensure smooth and efficient resolution (Throughout E2E      lifecycle of the tickets).
Fix
(Data Analyst):
Drive cross-functional squads      (including MI, Systems, Data, and Operations) to resolve
Data Quality issues
.
Understand systems, data flow,      and business processes to pinpoint where issues originated.
Specify fixes for our technical      teams and review their work to ensure quality.
Prevent
(Data Analyst):
Conduct root cause analysis to      continuously improve our data assets.
Delve deep into fixed issues to      identify improvements and prevent recurrence.
What We’re Looking For
Required Skills & Expertise:
Detail-oriented with a strong      commitment to data accuracy and reliability.
Excellent communication and      problem-solving skills.
Customer-oriented with a passion      for delivering exceptional service.
A creative mind eager to      contribute to innovative solutions.
Desirable Skills & Expertise:
Previous experience in the      Insurance or Financial Services industry is a plus.
Knowledge of data analysis tools      such as Power BI and Jira is a plus.
Experience with Agile      methodologies is a plus.
Previous L1 support experience is      a plus.
SQL Basics is a plus.
Employee perks, benefits
Five      extra vacation days on top of regulation
Sick      leave compensation 100% from day one
3      sick days per year
Attractive      performance bonus based on project performance up to 10%
Cafeteria      benefit system with a flexible allowance of 500 EUR per year for      education, health benefits, shopping, travel, cultural activities, and      sports options
Overtime      fully paid or compensated based on your preference
A      friendly and informal working environment
Work-life      balance with flexible working hours and the option to work from home (by      agreement)
Dedicated      time for individual training
MultiSport      card
&      more
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Synpulse is an internationally established management consulting company with 29+ years of experience and with offices in the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Germany, Austria, Slovakia, USA, Singapore, Australia, the Philippines and more. We are a valued partner to many of the world’s largest international financial services and insurance firms. We support our clients at all project management stages from the development of strategies and operational frameworks to the technical implementation and handover. Our expertise in business and technology, combined with our methodic approach, enables us to create sustainable added value for our clients’ business. We use home-grown, market-tested project management methodologies to bridge the gap between innovation and business. We work along with leading edge technology partners to bring true business transformation.
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Renáta Szalai
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5102028
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.11.2025
2025-11-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Synpulse Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month