O nás
Voľné pozície
Benefity
EN
SK
Staň sa súčasťou tímu vizionárov
Vytvárajme spolu budúcnosť kybernetickej bezpečnosti
späť na voľné pracovné miesta
Network Security Specialist
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
*The final basic wage component can be adjusted accordingly to individual skills and experience of selected candidate.
*Performance bonus 2 times per year up to 10% of the basic salary paid for the evaluation period (usually 6 months)
Contract type
full-time
We are looking for a new colleague to join our Delivery & Deployment team providing tailored security solutions for our clients.
In 2022, ESET has launched global Corporate Solutions Division, dedicated to support large companies and public institutions with bespoke cyber security solutions.
Your main role will be to cooperate on designing, installing, setup and configuration of security systems and solutions / products, cooperate on implementing change requests and support them. You will have to understand different platforms / environments and their behavior and be able to accommodate security solutions within these platforms / environments fulfilling customer’s requests.
What does the role entail?
Analyze customer environments to identify the most suitable network security solutions and products.
Design network security solutions across physical and virtual infrastructures.
Collaborate with internal teams and developers in definition of end-to-end cybersecurity solutions tailored to specific client needs.
Configure and deploy custom security setups based on customer requirements.
Conduct comprehensive testing and validation of deployed solutions to ensure performance and reliability.
Fine-tune solutions to ensure that they meet defined acceptance criteria and fully align with client expectations.
Prepare clear and detailed technical and operational documentation.
Perform a structured handover of implemented solutions to the operations and support teams.
Work closely with product development teams to define new feature requirements and suggest product enhancements based on customer experiences.
Lead and participate in technical workshops, product demonstrations, and proof-of-concept (PoC) activities for prospective customers.
Occasionally travel to customer sites to deliver onsite expertise and support as part of project implementation activities.
What are our requirements?
Proven experience as a Network Security Engineer, Network Security Technical Lead or Cybersecurity Specialist with networking background.
Ability to effectively translate customer requirements into technical architectures and solutions.
Hands-on experience with the configuration and deployment of security technologies, including:
deep Packet Inspection (DPI)
Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS)
Intrusion Prevention Systems (IPS)
Network Access Control (NAC)
Practical experience with containerization technologies, specifically Kubernetes and Docker.
Proficiency with Linux-based operating systems.
Strong technical and analytical thinking, with the ability to work independently and in a team.
Nice to Have (Optional but Beneficial)
Experience with virtualization platforms, such as VMware, Hyper-V, or KVM.
Experience integrating network security solutions with SIEM platforms.
Familiarity with the configuration of network-level security technologies such as Firewalls, Data Loss Prevention (DLP) and Domain Name System (DNS)
Basic knowledge of programming or scripting.
Experience in client-facing roles, with strong communication and interpersonal skills.
What do We Offer?
Opportunity to grow toward Solution Architect role.
Access to continuous learning and upskilling in cutting-edge security technologies.
Dynamic team environment and impactful projects for leading clients.
Hybrid working environment with flexibility.
and much more... to see the full list of perks and benefits please visit our website: https://www.eset.com/sk/o-nas/kariera/benefity/
Kontaktná osoba
Nicole Vajdová
Poslať životopis
BENEFITY PRE TEBA
Flexibilita
Firemné podujatia
Benefity pre celú rodinu
Šport a zdravie Wellbeing
A ešte viac…
O ESETe
Spoločnosť ESET je globálnym lídrom v oblasti digitálnej bezpečnosti a je jedným z najväčších dodávateľov bezpečnostných riešení v Európskej únii. Zároveň je najväčšou a najoceňovanejšou IT firmou na Slovensku.
Už viac ako 30 rokov vyvíjame popredný softvér a služby zamerané na IT bezpečnosť a ochranu podnikov, kritickej infraštruktúry a domácností z celého sveta
Okrem vytvárania bezpečnostných riešení pre zákazníkov je našim cieľom aj aktívne prispievať k inovatívnej a zodpovednej spoločnosti v oblasti
vzdelávania
,
vedy
a
výskumu
.
V ESETe sú diverzita, rovnosť a inklúzia (DEI) neoddeliteľnou súčasťou firemnej kultúry. Sme hrdým signatárom a ambasádorom
Charty diverzity
. Snažíme sa vytvárať pracovné
prostredie
, kde sa každý cíti cenený a rešpektovaný. S otvorenosťou vítame záujem jednotlivcov zo všetkých prostredí -  vrátane rasy, pohlavia, veku, náboženstva, zdravotného znevýhodnenia, či sexuálnej orientácie.
Viac sa o nás dozviete na
našej stránke
.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5106356
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.11.2025
2025-11-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Network Administrator
,
Network and Service Operation Specialist
,
Service Engineer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
ESET, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month