Senior Software Engineer
BTCS Slovakia s. r. o.
Place of work
Pribinova 4, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
From 3 800 EUR/month
The final salary depends on the individual experience and skills of the selected candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the Role:
We are seeking a highly skilled Senior Software Engineer with a strong background in .Net programming and hands-on experience with different architectural patterns. In this role, you will be responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining robust and scalable applications to support and enhance our various operational domains.
You will be a part of a cross-location development team and work closely together stakeholders in various domains in an event driven and distributed system landscape.
Key Responsibilities:
Lead the development
of robust, scalable, and secure enterprise-grade applications
Ensure code quality
through reviews, mentorship, and the establishment of coding standards
Collaborate
with cross-functional teams across multiple locations to deliver innovative solutions
Mentor junior
engineers and contribute to the improvement of test automation processes
Employee perks, benefits
​Exciting projects in the crypto space
Friendly and supportive team culture that relies on positivity
Flexible organization of your working hours
Christmas bonus
Company shares
Home-office
Workation: Enjoy the flexibility of working across designated EU countries, with up to 10 days a year to combine work and travel
Multisport card
Information about the selection process
Online Personal Interview
This call is about getting to know each other. We want to know more about your background, motivations and expectations and at the same time you can ask us your questions.
Technical Interview
In the technical interview, we have a few tasks for you to learn more about your skills. You will also have the opportunity to get to know the team and the workplace.
We will contact only candidates, who fit our needs. By sending your CV, you agree with processing of your personal data.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary without school-leaving examination
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
Required Skills & Qualifications:
Strong background in C# and .NET
, and modern software development practices
Proficiency in mentoring junior developers
and setting coding standards
Ability to explain complex concepts
simply and work collaboratively in a team
Ability to work collaboratively
in a fast-paced, agile environment
Excellent communication skills
in English
Preferred Qualifications:
Familiarity with CI/CD tools
(e.g., Azure DevOps, Jenkins) and version control systems (e.g., Git).
Experience with frontend development
in Typescript and React
Experience with micro services
and message driven architecture
Familiarity with Rust
programming language
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Bitcoin Suisse is the Swiss crypto-native pioneer and trusted gateway to crypto asset investing. As a crypto broker, we operate across the most relevant crypto exchanges and provide brokerage, custody, staking and other crypto-related services at the forefront of technical innovation. We are as dedicated to our clients as we are passionate about cryptocurrencies and the underlying blockchain technology. We make things happen and have helped to shape the crypto and blockchain ecosystem in Switzerland as a driving force in the development of the ‘Crypto Valley’. Bitcoin Suisse is headquartered in Zug and targets (ultra-) high-net-worth individuals and institutional clients
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Lujza Petríková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5113414
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.10.2025
2025-10-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
,
Backend developer
,
C# Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
BTCS Slovakia s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 800 EUR/month