Data Analyst
Eleveo a.s., organizačná zložka Slovensko
Place of work
Košice
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/month
Depends on seniority.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
​
You will
​
Develop and refine SQL queries to structure and transform data for reporting and analytics.
Design and implement a unified database model, ensuring seamless data flow into OLAP cubes and columnar databases like ClickHouse (soon to be introduced).
Partner with different teams to understand data sources and assist in optimizing their integration into a consolidated analytics framework.
Evaluate and test speech-to-text providers, assessing their performance across different languages and use cases.
Contribute to the enhancement of our Generative AI, LLM-based system, which processes speech-to-text transcriptions into summaries, topic detection, and other insights.
Experiment with emerging AI/ML models, optimizing their accuracy through prompt engineering, fine-tuning, and output formatting.
Support the development of RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) solutions and explore model quantization techniques.
Employee perks, benefits
Creative environment with a strong sense of ownership, living agile
Architecting a solution in a fast-growth industry (high scalability, fault resiliency…)
Flexible home-office policy
Flexible working hours – based on agreement with the team
Global multinational environment; headquarter in Prague, and offices in Slovakia, and the USA
Open and transparent environment
Competitive salary
Team events – company breakfasts, team building
Budget for training and conferences, internal knowledge share sessions
Trainings - courses across tech, business, leadership, and wellness are paid after agreement with your manager
Focus time – dedicated time for education, experiments, or working on open-source projects
Look at the list of benefits https://joineleveo.com/benefits/
Information about the selection process
You can find more information about our selection process on the page: https://joineleveo.com/interview/
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary without school-leaving examination
Educational Specialization
Software Development
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Proven working experience in data analysis, data science, data engineering, or related fields.
Advanced SQL expertise, especially in PostgreSQL, with experience in complex queries, data transformations, and performance optimization.
Experience designing and maintaining scalable data models, including schema design and ETL processes.
Basic understanding of AI/ML models, including LLMs, prompt engineering, fine-tuning, and quality assessment.
Python
knowledge for experimenting with and testing ML/LLM libraries is a nice to have.
Strong communication skills in English.
Experience working with cloud-based solutions and modern data tools.
Experience working in Agile environments with cross-functional teams.
Big advantage is understanding of AI
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Eleveo is a software company developing products which support everyday operation of a wide range of contact centers, including financial institutions, telecommunication providers or emergency services. The main focus of the company is software for recording, reconstruction and archivization of calls, as well as later analysis and evaluation of recordings. The primary goal of the Kosice development center is development of a native cloud platform.
More information can be found at: https://joineleveo.com/about-eleveo/
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Zuzana Sotáková
Tel.:
+421948892189
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5115586
Dátum zverejnenia:
14.11.2025
2025-11-14
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Eleveo a.s., organizačná zložka Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month