Embedded Developer (C/C+ IoT)
KROMBERG & Schubert s.r.o.
Place of work
Kolárovo
Contract type
full-time
Start date
asap
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
​We are looking for a skilled Embedded Developer with a passion for IoT and wireless technologies to join us in Kolárovo. You will be a key part of our product development cycle, from circuit design to implementing complex firmware on modern microcontrollers.
Key Responsibilities:
•	Develop, test, and maintain firmware for embedded systems using C and C++.
•	Work extensively with Espressif ESP32-C3/C6, STM32 ARM microcontrollers.
•	Utilize the Espressif IDF framework and STM32CubeIDE for firmware development.
•	Implement and debug wireless technologies such as Zigbee and OpenThread.
•	Design and review electronic circuits and schematics using KiCad.
•	Read and interpret component datasheets and technical documentation.
Employee perks, benefits
•	Flexible working hours
•	Half-year bonuses depending on results, seniority and attendance
•	Regular salary increase
•	Support for professional growth
•	Trainings (English language course during working hours, soft and hard skills trainings)
•	Mentoring
•	Friendly environment, work-life balance
•	Allowance for recreation after 2 years of work in the company
•	Strong and stable background of a successful international company with support for continuous improvement
•	Meal tickets worth 7,00 EUR
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
C - Advanced
C++ - Advanced
GitHub - Skillful
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
•	A minimum of 3 years of professional experience in embedded systems development.
•	Proficiency with version control using Git and mandatory knowledge of collaboration platforms like GitHub.
•	Demonstrable experience with Espressif ESP32 and STM32 microcontrollers.
•	Hands-on experience with development frameworks like Espressif IDF and IDEs like STM32CubeIDE.
•	Experience with wireless protocols like Zigbee or OpenThread.
•	Understanding of network stacks and protocols relevant to IoT (TCP/IP, UDP, MQTT).
•	Understanding of industrial communication protocols (CAN, RS485)
•	Understanding of communication protocols (I2C, USART, 1Wire, SPI)
•	Solid knowledge of electronics and experience with KiCad.
•	Knowledge of the ARM architecture is a great advantage.
•	Experience with the Ubuntu development environment is also a plus.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
We are Kromberg & Schubert – a global technology group with a medium-sized background and a company history of over 120 years. Our engagement, flexibility and constant drive for innovation enable us to be a specialist for complex wiring systems for the automotive industry.
Our key to success? Over 50.000 employees in over 40 locations worldwide are connected through optimism, fun at work and the quest for continuous improvement.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Adriana Balkó
Tel.:
+421357846711
E-mail:
send CV
You can react to this job
without sending your CV
. It is sufficient to fill in a form.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5122285
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.1.2026
2026-01-26
lokalita:
Kolárovo
Pozícia:
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
KROMBERG & Schubert s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month