Voľné pracovné pozície
Profil firmy
Prečo Scheidt
& Bachmann
Kde nás nájdete
Cyber Security Specialist
Place of work: Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Salary: From 2 300 EUR/month
Final salary depends on candidate´s professional experience
Company profile
Scheidt & Bachmann, Mönchengladbach was founded in 1872 and today presents itself as an innovative company with a long tradition. In a total of four largely separate divisions, systems for parking and leisure centres, systems for railway signalling technology, fare collection systems, and systems for petrol stations are developed, produced and distributed. Scheidt & Bachmann Slovakia s.r.o. was established in 1995 at the initiative of Scheidt & Bachmann.  A successful cooperation with the University of Žilina also made a significant contribution to the establishment.
Parking Solutions
Signalling Systems
Fare Collection Systems
Fuel Retail Solutions
We offer
Perspektívna práca v stabilnej firme s adekvátnym finančným ohodnotením a potenciálom osobného rozvoja („hard & soft skills“ školenia, jazykové kurzy).
Bohatý sociálny program pre zamestnancov: teambuildingové aktivity, firemné akcie, podpora športových a kultúrnych podujatí.
Flexibilný pracovný čas, dovolenka navyše, dodatočné dni pracovného voľna.
Práca v skúsenom medzinárodnom kolektíve.
Po zaškolení možný home office v rozsahu 2 dni v týždni.
Your responsibilities
Do you have a strong affinity for IT security? In a complex, state-of-the-art IT environment with a sophisticated level of security, you will work in the Cyber Defence team on daily incidents and take care of threat analyses.
You will help us move forward by advising our specialist departments and implementing security guidelines, security best practices and hardening measures.
Do you have an eye for vulnerabilities? Through risk analyses, you proactively identify risks and vulnerabilities and develop approaches to eliminate them.
Do you enjoy working in a dynamic corporate environment? In your role, you will support projects to analyse and improve IT/cloud security and contribute to dedicated project teams. This includes the areas of information encryption, identity & access or vulnerability management.
Are you characterised by your conscientiousness? With your expertise, you support us with threat analyses, investigations into security-relevant events and the evaluation of the security level using meaningful key figures.
Are you no stranger to teamwork? As part of the Scheidt & Bachmann Group's Cyber Defence team, you will work in an international team together with the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) and the specialist departments.
Your profile
Degree in IT or IT security or a comparable field.
Alternatively, you have completed vocational training in the IT sector.
Initial professional experience in the field of IT security would be desirable.
Initial knowledge of security best practices and hardening measures and implementation practice for security solutions.
Experience with enterprise networks.
Business fluent in English, knowledge of German advantage.
Team-orientated way of working.
Willingness to develop further.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5123929
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.11.2025
2025-11-11
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
,
IT System Administrator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Systems Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Scheidt & Bachmann Slovensko s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 300 EUR/month