Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior DevOps Engineer
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 600 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Senior DevOps Engineer is responsible for entire lifecycle of Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment pipelines and Infrastructure as Code approaches. Takes account and defines automated configuration management, release management, build, test and deployment activities. Provides prototypes and concepts for further automation of assigned technology.
You will join a newly established, cross-functional Scrum team based in Košice. We are committed to fostering a strong DevOps culture under the motto: "We build it, we run it."
In this team, you will enjoy broad access to modern technology stack with freedom to choose (of course there will be some architectural guidelines), empowering you to make independent decisions while expecting a high level of ownership and commitment to delivery.
The team primarily works remotely, with in-person meetings required for sprint demos, planning, and retrospectives (typically every two weeks for 1 day in our offices in Košice), as well as Program Increment (PI) planning sessions held approximately every 3–4 months for 3 days locally or abroad.
What will you do?
Designs, develops, tests and implements infrastructure for CI/CD pipelines and IaC.
Manages source code, configuration management, release management, build and deployment activities.
Setups and manages integration with partner applications.
Conducts of performance analyses and tunings as well as error analyses and troubleshooting.
Consults and implements new innovative technologies to satisfy innovation strategy.
Creates concepts for further automation of services, processes and/or operating models.
Directly support the project teams in the development, quality assurance accompanying development as well as planning and implementation of product releases.
Continuously optimizes the development and system infrastructure.
Provides consulting to project teams on areas of expertise also Prototypes/Proof of Concept solutions.
Researches and develops in assigned technology, determines business requirements, proposes changes and prepares implementation plans.
You will succeed if you:
Have experiences with:
ICT System – 4 years
Scripting (Bash, Python) – Expert
Linux Operating System – Expert
GCP / AWS  – Intermediate
Docker – Expert
Kubernetes  – Advanced
Git – Expert
Jenkins / GitLab – Advanced
Maven / Gradle – Intermediate
Ansible / Terraform / Puppet – Advanced
ELK / Prometheus / Icinga /  Jaeger / Grafana – Advanced
Networking - Expert
Security - Advanced
Agile Methodology, Scrum and SAFe
Are communicative, team player and have analytical thinking, training skills and presentation skills
Speak English – Upper intermediate (B2)
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 2 600 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Cecilia Kotercova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5127943
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.10.2025
2025-10-21
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Network Administrator
,
IT System Administrator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 600 EUR/month