About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Senior Analytics AI Engineer
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 800 - 6 300 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between EUR 3,800 and EUR 6,300 per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers:​
· the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, ​
· the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience.​
 
In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits.​
Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We're looking for a Senior Analytics Engineer to join our Data Analytics GenAI team and help us to build the bridge between business and engineering. If you enjoy a combination of business interaction, hands-on technical work, and product management in a global environment, this might be the perfect role for you! You'll get to participate in a variety of interesting initiatives, playing a crucial role in translating business needs and strategies into actionable insights, developing analytics and AI products, leveraging the latest technologies such as Generative AI.
Key responsibilities
•	Drive and shape data AI products from business value concepts to production, leveraging our strategic platforms like Palantir.
•	Collaborate with cross-functional teams and stakeholders to understand and translate business requirements into technical specifications and actionable plans, ensuring successful delivery.
•	Design and develop user-centric data ; AI applications (in Python/PySpark), that align with business and technological requirements, emphasizing user experience ; data storytelling.
•	Stay up to date with the latest technologies and best practices to drive sustainable and efficient data products.
Employee perks, benefits
You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
To be successful in the role, you have:
•	Experience in building data-driven applications with a user-focused mindset and storytelling with data
•	Experience in designing, implementing and maintaining robust data pipelines
•	Proficiency in modern coding languages, such as Python
If you also have the following experience and interests, it is a huge plus:
•	Knowledge of Azure, Microsoft Power BI and Typescript
•	Project management abilities within agile frameworks
•	Experience with Machine Learning and familiarity with Large Language Models (LLMs)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
1700 and more employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Livia Pasztorova
Apply here
ID:
5129176
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.11.2025
2025-11-07
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 800 EUR/month