IX/UI Designer for Shui®, our Healthineers Design System
Place of work
Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 2 700 EUR/month
from 2700 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions. Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Do you want to help create the future of healthcare?
Our name, Siemens Healthineers, was selected to honor our people who dedicate their energy and passion to this cause. It reflects their pioneering spirit combined with our long history of engineering in the ever-evolving healthcare industry. We offer you a flexible and dynamic environment with opportunities to go beyond your comfort zone in order to grow personally and professionally. Sound interesting?
Then come and join our global team as
Interaction Designer for Shui®
our Healthineers Design System
, and support us in qualitative and design improvements and further development.
Your tasks and responsibilities:
Together with a highly committed team of outstanding designers and developers, you will continuously drive the quality of our Shui® design system with outstanding interaction design concepts.
You will empower interaction designers in specific projects to create our exciting product range, which covers a wide range of touchpoints and addresses healthcare professionals and patients worldwide
You will align concepts with other interaction designs and design micro-interactions that ensure cohesive behaviours within the design system, creating smooth transitions, animations, and feedback loops to enhance the overall user experience.
You will share your ideas in interactive prototypes and detailed design specifications that define animations, transitions, and expected UI behaviours.
Together with other designers you will optimize interactions to reduce friction, enhance usability, improve efficiency, and clearly document interaction models, design specifications, and behaviour patterns for development teams to implement accurately.
You will experience the products and user groups first-hand by undertaking shadowing visits in clinics and practices, and through training on the devices
You will actively foster design culture, inspire your colleagues, continuously optimize internal collaboration, proactively drive topics forward, and constantly push the boundaries of the design system anew in the process
Join a major growing international team, with a strong emphasis on creative dialog, and on collaboration with one another as well as with other professionals.
Your qualifications and experience:
You have a successfully completed degree in the field of interaction design or a similar qualification
You have 7+ years of professional experience in an agency environment and/or in an in-house UX team with a significant portfolio which has a digital focus. Experience in the field of medical technology would be an advantage
In addition to outstanding skills in interaction design, you already have a lot of experience in the creation and maintenance of complex design systems
You are highly skilled in using Figma
Your attributes and skills:
You are business-fluent in English
You have an excellent design-oriented mindset and way of working, with a focus on users
You are particularly passionate about working on creative concepts, set high quality standards for your work and are tenacious with strong attention to detail
As a team player you encourage collaboration and dialog within and outside the central UX department at Siemens Healthineers
You can motivate others, are proactive and results-oriented and have a good sense of humor
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards:
starting from 2700 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Figma - Expert
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of telework and work from office
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5129105
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.10.2025
2025-10-23
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
User Experience Expert
,
Web Designer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month