About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Engineering Manager
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 200 - 5 300 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between [EUR 3,200] and [EUR 5,300] per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers:
•	the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, 
•	the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience.
In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits.
Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the Team and our Scope
At L&H Solutions, we build and commercialize cloud-native (Azure-based) SaaS/PaaS solutions for Swiss Re Life & Health insurance clients. We offer a portfolio of products, including award offerings claims solutions. We are a SW house within Swiss Re.
Our team consists of more than 150 technical professionals with multidisciplinary skills, located in multiple countries, working on these multi-regional, highly available solutions.
About the Role
As an Engineering Manager on our cloud engineering team, you will be a pivotal technical leader driving the design, development, and delivery of cutting-edge, scalable solutions that power our business. You will lead a team of highly skilled engineers, providing mentorship and technical guidance.
This is not just a management role, rather it’s an opportunity to lead by doing. You will collaborate closely with product, architecture, and operations teams to define the technical roadmap and ensure high standards of quality, reliability, and security in everything we build.
You will be responsible for building an environment of innovation, continuous improvement, and technical excellence, empowering your team to deliver impactful features at speed while maintaining operational resilience in a cloud-native ecosystem.
If you thrive in a fast-paced, high-ownership culture where you can both shape strategy and dive into the technical landscape, this role offers a unique opportunity to grow your leadership skills alongside your technical expertise.
Your responsibilities will be:
•	Lead cross-functional delivery of scalable solutions, coordinating the full lifecycle from design to deployment while enforcing engineering best practices
•	Lead, coach and coordinate your product team with multidisciplinary skills to deliver SW product against release plan which you define and own
•	Collaborate with stakeholders to define project goals, lead planning processes, and create realistic timelines
•	Drive efficient execution by coordinating resources, removing blockers, and delivering features aligned with business objectives
•	Provide technical leadership and mentorship to engineers, fostering accountability and continuous learning while supporting talent acquisition and development
Employee perks, benefits
You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Must-Have Skills
•	Strong technical foundation with software development experience that has evolved into technical project management
•	Exceptional analytical thinking and proven project management expertise
•	Experience building high-performance teams with focus on KPIs and continuous improvement
•	Solid understanding of cloud solutions and ability to assess delivery risks effectively
•	Proficiency with Agile frameworks (Scrum, Kanban, SAFe) and collaboration tools
•	Strong presentation and communication skills to adapt messages for different audience (senior managers, business stakeholder, tech team)
•	Experience working with cloud-native applications, preferably using Azure
These are additional nice to haves:
•	Scrum Master experience and relevant certifications (PMP, SAFe)
•	Knowledge of Java or other OOP languages
•	High emotional intelligence with strong influencing skills
•	Values aligned with proactivity, ownership, and continuous improvement
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
1700 and more employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Livia Pasztorova
Apply here
ID:
5131286
Dátum zverejnenia:
31.10.2025
2025-10-31
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
,
IT Manager
,
Java Programmer
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 200 EUR/month