Unleash
Your
Power
About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Delivery Manager
Apply Now
Date posted:
14.11.2025
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 3 850 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is € 3850 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Delivery Manager
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our new Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
In this role at our state-of-the-art center, you will have the opportunity to grow your skills and create solutions that will benefit patients around the world. Become the heart of our internal innovation engine.
At Takeda’s ICC we Unite in Diversity
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive and collaborative workplace, where individuals are recognized for their backgrounds and abilities they bring to our company. We are continuously improving our collaborators’ journey in Takeda, and we welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our diverse team.
The Opportunity
As a Delivery Manager, you will provide Project and Portfolio Management leadership across Global IT, including value realization, communication, tracking, and visualization and leading excellence in delivery of those objectives. You will be responsible for implementing governance alignment and management, including sourcing, budgeting, compliance, project and portfolio Global IT processes.
The Responsibilities
•	Provides leadership to cross-functional teams and/or program composed of multiple products/work streams with medium complexity in the successful delivery of high-impact IT initiatives.
•	Manages solutions to achieve identified objectives, drives program achievement, and influences decision-making on projects and focusing on business outcomes.
•	Key contributor to transforming Global IT units to the Product Centric operating model, by influencing and implementing change management, and providing guidance for transition from waterfall to agile methodologies.
•	Identify and solve complex problems in Project/Program Management across Waterfall and Agile methodologies for implementation and/or administration of project governance requirements, feedback for process improvement, lessons learned, and program enhancements.  Acta s a point of escalation moderately complex, non-routine problems.
•	Identify opportunities and business needs by ensuring alignment of project and product investments and initiatives with business strategy based on changing functional needs, resource capacity constraints, risk exposure, and interdependencies
•	Lead the implementation of strategic and core projects and programs with routine monitoring, measurement, and reporting of performance to budget, schedule, and business objectives.
•	Identifies barriers that are slowing down projects and identify innovative solutions to remove inefficiencies to drive toward program goals. Provide periodic updates to senior management.  Monitor execution of various delivery team activities
•	Actively manages the project governance and portfolio management processes to ensure that approved functional area projects fit within budget and resource constraints; has visibility into project performance and project risks and issues.  Ensures governance coordination and sup-port of the project/program portfolio. Partner with Global IT Portfolio Leads to ensure compliance with and appropriate use of enterprise portfolio/project management tools
•	Contributes to key initiatives, projects, and changes in collaboration with business, Global IT Sponsors, and Global IT Partners to maintain a highly productive and effective delivery team through facilitation and coordination and to ensure excellence in delivery of business outcomes.
•	Lead multiple matrix delivery teams, ensure alignment to software delivery processes/best practices, and work with project managers to maintain project management standards and procedures.
•	Coach, develop, and mentor delivery teams in the development of detailed project plans, identifying resource needs to support delivery efforts, and coordinating the daily activities of the development teams for guidance and direction on problems or issues and to ensure excellence in delivery of business outcomes.
•	Works effectively in a multi-cultural, multi-disciplinary team environment. Experience working with local and virtual team. Able to organize and direct others' work efforts with tact and diplomacy and contribute to the development of team members and team goals.
•	Adapt and learn and lead in an organizational model that is delivering value to the business partners with different project methodologies.
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high-end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to bit.ly/icc-bts-benefits
- Cafeteria
- Medical - High standard medical care
- Bridge days
- Summer Hours
- Multisport Card
Your application and any and all conversations that occur with the recruiter, HR, and the hiring manager as part of that application will be treated in the strictest confidence.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
•	Master's Degree or Bachelor's degree in relevant field (Management, Technology).
•	5+ years’ experience within a Lean/Agile development environment.
•	Extensive experience partnering with business area leaders to plan and deliver programs.
•	Extensive product/program/project management experience, including management of full lifecycle implementations for major applications.
•	Outstanding communication skills, both written and verbal, and ability to reach audiences of all levels of a large global organization.
•	Highly effective written and verbal communication skills to manage, motivate and drive decisions within cross-cultural teams.
•	Proven skills in negotiation, influencing without authority and working diplomatically through conflict.
•	Ability to identify, advocate and implement change positively for the organization. Demonstrates flexibility and the ability to accommodate change.
•	Ability to work under pressure and meet tight deadlines.
•	Thorough understanding of Scrum, Kanban, and/or SAFe methodologies.
•	Technical knowledge to determine how project data can be organized meaningfully in order to facilitate project team success.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5131389
Dátum zverejnenia:
14.11.2025
2025-11-14
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 850 EUR/month