Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior Application Developer for Tardis + Sign on Bonus 2000 EUR
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 100 - 3 700 EUR/month
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 3100 € /brutto.
Senior Application Developer has lead position within SCRUM team. Holder of the position is responsible for development, design and implementation of new or modified software products or ongoing business projects. Target of development is automation of business processes and cross platform automation. Senior Application Developer handles all phases of software development lifecycle, especially for small or midsize solutions. Provide independent technical expertise, follow agreed methodology steps and rituals and take responsibility for produced code to deliver functional solution with team. Mentor and feedback less experienced colleagues, present team outputs and share knowledge within company. Document and share best practices and constantly work on self-development. Follow industry trends, bring and recommend innovations.
Project
:
TARDIS
(
T
elekom
Ar
chitecture for
D
ecoupling and
I
ntegration of
S
ervices)
The team's primary focus is the identity management of TARDIS. They solutions are based on state of the art open source products, Keycloak and Ory Hydra. Those components make sure that over 270 million API requests per day are authenticated in a secure and scalable manner.
As a member of the team, you will play a key role in designing, building, and maintaining our platform for enterprise integration. You will work in an agile SCRUM format and collaborate with an international DevOps team. We prioritize agile values such as openness, courage, focus, commitment, and respect, and we value independent development of solutions.
What will you do?
Redesigning, building, and maintaining the identity management components Iris, Iris-Hydra and Orion (Keycloak, Ory Hydra).
Redesigning the TARDIS team, user and permission management for improved user experience and granular permission controls.
Supporting DTIT’s zero-trust strategy with standard-based token exchange and policy enforcement.
Ensuring TARDIS availability and interoperability in various cloud platforms.
Working in an open-source-focused environment, both consuming and providing FOSS software.
Improving one of the core components of the TARDIS runtime landscape.
Design and Development of the complex IT systems/applications
Analysis of the requirements and communication with internal stakeholders
Use agreed programing language or tools to develop automation solutions.
Development according to Agile methodology – SCRUM
Creation of technical documentation
Creative approach within complex solution and technology used
Work closely with other developers, UX designers, business and systems analysts on implementation and testing of the developed solution
Mentor junior developers and participate on onboarding procedure
You will succeed if you:
Strong proficiency in Golang, Kubernetes, Helm, Docker.
Proficiency in Java (Spring-Boot / Quarkus), GitOps, CI/CD, Cloud LMS stack (Elasticsearch, Fluentd, Jaeger, Prometheus).
Experience with cloud platforms such as AWS and GCP.
Familiarity with open-source software.
Excellent communication, cooperation, and coordination skills.
Deep knowledge of REST web services and knowledge of OAuth2.0, OIDC.
Strong test automation skills
Stay curious and grow: Willingness to permanently develop yourself through learning
Ability to work in an international, agile, and collaborative team environment
have experiences with application development – Advanced
have experiences with programming – Advanced
have experiences with software development - Advanced
have knowledge of Scrum
have knowledge of Agile Principles
have knowledge of SAFe
speak English – Upper intermediate (B2)
have several years of experience working in IT industry preferably developing solutions for enterprise level application
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
3 100 - 3 700 EUR/month
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 3100 € /brutto.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Kiššová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5133981
Dátum zverejnenia:
29.10.2025
2025-10-29
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 100 EUR/month