Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Non technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Bid Manager II - Deal Risk Assurance Manager with German language
Place of work
Košice
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
We’re a team of experts who are responsible for steering bid preparation for complex customer projects. As a
Bid Manager II
, you will steer the bid preparation from invitation to tender through to contract conclusion. The holder of the position is overall responsible for the bid deliverables and adherence to internal policies and procedures, as well as client-specific requirements that may be relevant to the deliverables.
What will you do?
Support preparation of the bid according to the agreed win strategy, defined methodology, and in alignment with internal and/or external stakeholders and relevant policies and procedures.
Identify, manage, and mitigate relevant delivery and commercial risks in line with policies and procedures, and in cooperation with stakeholders.
Continuously execute peer reviews of the technical, operational, financial, and T&T solutions of the Deal Teams.
Take responsibility for actions and recommendations to achieve the targets of the projects.
Represent the results of the peer reviews in front of the Solution Business Unit management.
Support the identification of potential cost optimizations.
Execute review calls for Risk Assurance for complex TC deals, and create peer reviewer evaluations and recommendations.
Define standard specifications for technical, operational, and T&T concepts that will be created by the Deal Teams.
Drive continuous improvement through targeted actions after the Risk Assurance Review Calls.
Selectively work in the context of new business activities (creation of technical and operational concepts, responsibility for choice of technological solutions in TC projects during the planning phase).
You will succeed if you:
Are fluent in German (B2) and English language (B2)
Have minimum 3 years’ experience in ICT Analysis, Architecture & Design
Are self-motivated individual with exceptional reliability and effective communication
Are experienced in MS Excel, Word, PowerPoint, SharePoint – Intermediate
Have analytical thinking
Are a Team player
Have a sales spirit and you are open to travel
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Lucia Vajdová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5133608
Dátum zverejnenia:
28.10.2025
2025-10-28
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
,
IT Network Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month