We're looking for Senior React Native Developer.
localhost s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 3 200 EUR/month
Final agreement depends on your skill-set and experience. This is the subject of a partnership agreement during the selection process.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
​​​localhost, is a Košice based IT company full of talented individuals and tech enthusiasts working as one big team, making personal and company goals reality, clients satisfied and our people happy.​​
​Do you have experience with mobile development, React Native framework and TypeScript? Are you passionate about developing innovative solutions? Join our team as a React Native developer and contribute to the dynamic world of software development. We are seeking an experienced individual who can design, test, and develop software solutions based on client or customer requirements.​
​What You'll Do:
• Working on complex projects, application systems and infrastructure components.
​• Designing and developing mobile applications using React Native framework.
​• Collaborating on feature identification and prioritization.
​• Testing, adjusting and debugging mobile applications.
​• Keeping up with new technologies in mobile development.
​• Maintaining high standards of software quality by establishing good practices and habits.
• Helping other colleagues with difficult tasks and cooperating on various problems.
Employee perks, benefits
• 6 extra days off: 3x localhost days and 3x sick days
• Referral bonus
• Benefit plus budget
• Multisport Card
• Financial contribution to Pension plan
• Education support (certificates, courses, trainings)
• Physiotherapist sessions once a week in the office
• Bonuses at every smashing life events
• Flexible working arrangements
• Transparent approach and communication
• Supporting your ideas
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
• At least 5 years of experience with object-oriented programming.
• Minimum of 4 years of experience with React Native and mobile development is a must.
• Experience with JavaScript and TypeScript.
​• Experience with maintaining of existing code.
• Good understanding of Rest API.
​• Ability to solve problems independently and communicate within a team.
The best candidates will also have:
• Basic experience with Xcode and Android Studio
• Basic knowledge of Flutter and Git.
• Basic experience with automated testing.
• Experience with agile methodologies and CI/CD tools such as Azure DevOps and GitHub Actions.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Join the digital revolution with localhost!
We're not your average IT company. As a team of passionate tech experts based in Košice, we've spent the last decade empowering global and local brands alike.
Our 100+ strong team of engineers is committed to your success, constantly learning and adapting to bring you the most innovative solutions and state-of-the-art software. Whether you're a startup or an enterprise, we're your trusted partner.
Reach out today and let's shape your digital future together: info@localhost.company
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Patrik Polák
Tel.:
+421905595022
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5137284
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.10.2025
2025-10-06
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Android Developer
,
Frontend developer
,
iOS Developer
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
localhost s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 200 EUR/month