.NET Technical Lead
Resonate Services s.r.o.
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
4 000 EUR/month
We’re required by law to disclose the basic wage component for this position, but rest assured, we value your unique skills and experience. Our compensation package is thoughtfully designed, taking into account your qualifications, experience, and contributions, and it may be negotiable. Our goal is to ensure fair and competitive pay in line with market standards, and we’re excited to welcome top talent to our team!
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are currently seeking for experienced candidates for the position of .NET technical lead, to work for Resonate, to join our development team and be part of a greater team that will deliver product enhancements and new products, whilst working within an agile development environment.
Resonate have established a software development practice for creating specialist tools for the Unified Communications space; these are based on the Microsoft Power Platform and Azure cloud resources. We have seen explosive growth in this area and would like to expand our team to cater for the demand.
You will be overseeing the technical aspects of a software team by making architectural and design decisions, guiding team members in technical matters, and supervising system modifications, in this role.
As a Technical lead, you'll engineer, guide, and implement technical solutions and improvements with the help of software development team colleagues, to address business requirements. Also, you will be taking active part in development by conducting code reviews and coding. You will closely cooperate with Product Owners in SCRUM.
Primary Responsibilities
Establishing technical direction;
Proposing suitable technical solution options to address business requirements;
Guiding team members with troubleshooting technical issues;
Overseeing software quality, performance and system modifications;
Ensuring adherence to technical standards and procedures;
Collaborating with teammates, giving and receiving feedback to foster growth;
Contribute to and promote excellence in engineering output by mentoring and helping the members of the team;
Active participating on SCRUM, helping with Backlog, contributing to writing UserStories based on Feature definitions and Prodcut Owner guidance, supporting Sprint goals completion and stepping in to help;
Active participation in Product Release Planning;
Taking active part in programming, conducting code reviews;
Close cooperation and leading integration with Frontend (PowerPlatform) development sub-team, aiming for end-to-end optimal technical solutions;
Close cooperation with Testing sub-team, aiming for good quality.
Employee perks, benefits
Financial benefits:
•	Variable quarterly bonus depending on reaching company’s objectives and individual performance goals (KPIs),
•	Referral bonus,
•	Contribution to the 3rd pension pillar (1% of gross salary, without a need of employee contribution),
•	Childbirth bonus,
•	Financial contribution for meals (4€),
Work-life balance:
•	Flexible working hours and hybrid working model (incl. home office),
•	2 extra paid vacation days (on top of 20/25) per year after 2 years with the company,
Wellbeing:
•	Multisport card,
•	Team-building program,
•	Company breakfast every Thursday (on-site),
•	Stocked kitchen with free drinks, freshly roasted coffee, and vitamin care packages (on-site),
•	Ergonomic work station (on-site),
•	Support with setting up the home office workplace,
•	Free bicycle garage (on-site),
•	Free parking space (on-site),
•	Work anniversary present and recognition rewards,
Career plan:
•	Annual salary review based on performance,
•	Growth assessment,
•	Adaptation, training, and development program (upskilling and reskilling, certificates).
Information about the selection process
We’d love to hear from you! Please attach your CV in English when applying for this position. While we’d love to connect with everyone, we’ll be in touch with candidates whose qualifications best align with the role.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT, Telecommunication, Software Developer
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
C# - Advanced
Microsoft .NET Framework - Advanced
.NET - Advanced
Docker - Advanced
Microsoft Azure - Skillful
Rest API - Advanced
MongoDB - Advanced
CosmosDB - Advanced
Dataverse - Advanced
CI/CD pipeline - Skillful
GitHub - Skillful
Experience in the position/sector
IT
Number of years of experience
7
Personality requirements and skills
​
Technical Skills
Strong with C# language development, with .NET 7+ and .NET Framework, developing containerized applications using Docker.
Strong in developing cloud services on Azure.
Strong in developing fast and scalable REST API applications.
Strong working with databases (such as MongoDB / CosmosDB, also Dataverse). Database normalization.
Strong in integrations with external systems.
Software architecting experience, microservices architectures focusing on Microsoft Azure.
Experience with solutions which include ChatBots/AI development/integration
Experience building CI/CD pipelines in Azure/Github.
Preferred and desirable skills
Experience with front-end development such as Typescript/React/JavaScript is desirable.
Experience working with CRM systems desirable.
Experience working with Teams / Microsoft Graph APIs and PowerShell desirable.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Resonate is an experienced team of experts in Unified Communications. We developed the expertise by leading the delivery of the largest and most complex solution in the world for one of the world’s largest companies.
In doing so, we’ve worked alongside many industry experts and exceptionally talented people within our own organization. Resonate is all about bringing that expertise and those relationships together for our customers to help them achieve tremendous cost savings whilst enabling innovation and removing legacy solutions.
We have seen a staggering growth in the last five years with an increasing demand for our quality services in the UC arena, which has been even further accelerated with the Covid pandemic. This growth is set to rise hence our requirement for top class talent to help grow the company to new heights.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Maria Cerna
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5138580
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.10.2025
2025-10-23
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
,
IT Manager
Spoločnosť:
Resonate Services s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 000 EUR/month