MDM developer
Dentsply Sirona Slovakia s. r. o.
Place of work
Einsteinova 33, Petržalka, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 000 EUR/month
*By legal requirement we are providing the information about the basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised position. The final financial conditions will be discussed based on your experience, however they will be not lower than above mentioned minimum salary component.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
MDM Developer
Are you passionate about ensuring the accuracy and integrity of master data across systems? We’re looking for an MDM Developer to join our dynamic team. In this role, you will work closely with the Data Architect to support master data management technical needs.
Key responsibilities:
Design, develop, and implement queries and analytical solutions in partnership with the Master Data Management Architect.
Assist in the development and execution of Extract Transform Load (ETL) processes that meet business requirements for data movement and transformation.
Implement measures to ensure data accuracy and integrity, including validation, cleansing, and error handling.
Collaborate with data stewards and IT teams to define and enforce data quality standards and policies.
Create and maintain data profiling, cleansing, and enrichment processes to ensure data is both accurate and complete.
Implement tools for data synchronization and consolidation to integrate master data from multiple systems.
Customize and configure MDM platforms to support business needs and data governance frameworks.
Maintain essential tools for Analytics, ETL processes, and data quality management.
Develop and maintain clear documentation, including technical specifications, data mappings, and system configurations.
Provide support and troubleshoot MDM solutions, optimizing system performance and resolving data quality issues.
Take on additional responsibilities as needed.
Employee perks, benefits
​• Professional development and possibility to grow within a newly established Shared Service Center based in Einpark
• Fully paid meal vouchers 7.70 Eur per working day
​• 3 Health and Wellness days per year
​• Fully paid sick leave up to one month
​• Contribution to dental care up to 150 Eur per year
​• Pension Contribution after 1 year
​• Classes of foreign languages
​• Access to Multisport card
​• Referral Programe Bonus up to 1200 Eur
​• Employee Assistance Programe
​• Social events
​• Refreshment in the office – coffee, tea, water, fruit on Wednesdays
• Yearly performance-based bonus
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Power Bi - Advanced
SQL - Advanced
Microsoft Excel - Advanced
Number of years of experience
2
Personality requirements and skills
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Business Administration, or a related field.
2-3 years of experience in Data Analytics and/or ETL development.
Microsoft SQL, Excel, and at least one major data visualization tool (Power BI, Tableau, TIBCO Spotfire, Qlik, or equivalent)
Preferred: Azure Data Factory, Alteryx, SAP S4/MDG, Databricks (or equivalent)
Fluent in English, both written and spoken
Ability to work independently with teams from different countries and time zones
Keen attention to detail
Results-oriented, with a focus on delivering excellence
Culturally aware and adaptable
Strong problem-solving abilities and clear communication of technical issues and solutions
Ability to raise concerns promptly and transparently, ensuring quick resolution of potential issues.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Dentsply Sirona is the world’s largest manufacturer of professional dental products and technologies, with a 130-year history of innovation and service to the dental industry and patients worldwide. Dentsply Sirona develops, manufactures, and markets a comprehensive solutions offering including dental and oral health products as well as other consumable medical devices under a strong portfolio of world class brands. Dentsply Sirona’s products provide innovative, high-quality and effective solutions to advance patient care and deliver better and safer dentistry. Dentsply Sirona’s global headquarters is located in Charlotte, North Carolina, USA. The company’s shares are listed in the United States on NASDAQ under the symbol XRAY.
For more information about our company, please visit our web page www.dentsplysirona.com
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Katarína Straková
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5138888
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.10.2025
2025-10-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Clinical Data Manager
,
Database Analyst
,
DevOps Engineer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Dentsply Sirona Slovakia s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month