Company
Who we are
Open Roles
11
Benefits
Early Talent
Back
Solution Lead - Data
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Start date & Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
4 500 EUR/month
If there is currently no open position suitable for you, please submit your e-mail address and preferences. If a new position (opened in the future) aligns with your qualifications and interests, you may be contacted about the opportunity.
Send CV
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Who is CAT Digital? What do we do?
Big machines require big thinking. Are you looking for your next big challenge?
Cat® Digital is the digital and technology arm of Caterpillar Inc., leveraging the latest technologies to build industry leading digital solutions for our customers and dealers. With over one million connected assets worldwide, our teams use data, technology, advanced analytics, telematics, and AI capabilities to help our customers build a better world.
Working with a Fortune 100 leader, you can build your career on a global scale and take advantage of development opportunities with emerging technologies. We’ve created an inclusive environment for you to explore your passions, make an impact and do the work that really matters. Join Us.
Job Opportunity:
We are seeking talented individuals to join our team to help us establish and grow our presence, organization, culture, which will drive our digital product development efforts. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies and collaborate with top professionals working on very high impact and visibility products. Don't miss this chance to join a newly forming presence and support digital innovation for a global leader in heavy machinery!
What will you do?
As a Solution Lead you will participate in defining functional designs and application systems architecture across various digital platforms as wel as:
Develop detailed architecture deliverables to solve business problems
Design an application's technical infrastructure, such as specific databases, programming languages, utilities, and testing approaches.
Lead the evaluation and deployment of new technologies to add or enhance existing digital technical capabilities
Participate in addressing business requirements for applications and collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver digital solutions that meets business results
This position works directly with Slovakia based engineering leadership and Cat Digital IT in Slovakia.
Employee perks, benefits
At Cat Digital, we are committed to fostering a culture of innovation and continuous learning, and we believe in investing in the development of our employees. As a member of our team, you will have access to a wide range of training and development opportunities, as well as very competitive compensation and benefits packages, like:
4 500+ euros / month gross
Performance related annual cash incentive
Industry leading Pension plan
5 days of extra vacation above the legislative requirement
Attractive Life insurance
1 Volunteering day
Multisport Card
Take the chance to apply now for this position at Cat Digital Slovakia branch!
Information about the selection process
Please frequently check the email associated with your application, including the junk/spam folder, as this is the primary correspondence method. If you wish to know the status of your application – please use the candidate log-in on our career website as it will reflect any updates to your status.
Caterpillar is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws.
Caterpillar is committed to creating a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion, respect and integrity, customer focus, and innovation. For more information, visit https://www.caterpillar.com/en/careers/why-caterpillar.html
Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
What you have:
Analytical Thinking: The ability to determine the root cause of organizational problems and create alternative solutions to resolve these issues.
Application Design and Architecture: Knowledge of application design methodologies, tools, and techniques to convert business requirements and logical models into a technical application design.
Data Architecture: Understanding of processes, techniques, and factors that affect data architecture, and the ability to design blueprints for integrating data resources for business processes and functional support3.
Requirements Analysis: Knowledge of tools, methods, and techniques of requirement analysis; ability to elicit, analyze and record required business functionality and non-functionality requirements to ensure the success of a system or software development project.
Top Candidates will also have:
Proficiency in AWS; good knowledge of components such as EC2, S3, RDS, Lambda, and other services to design and implement scalable, reliable, and secure cloud solutions.
Strong understanding of ETL processes, including experience with ETL tools and techniques to manage data integration and transformation tasks effectively.
Experience with data lakes, preferably Snowflake, to efficiently store, manage, and analyze large volumes of data
Extensive experience with both SQL and NoSQL databases to design and manage data storage solutions that meet business requirements
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Caterpillar
is a company of
builders
. Of
challenge breakers
. Of
innovators
who want to impact the world. Our people build and design the products and services that help
shape the communities
where we work and live.
We are building on our legacy and innovating for the next generation. One where
technology-enabled services
create improved outcomes for our people and the customers and communities we serve.
Our ability to innovate and build
begins with our people
. Our tech and digital teams are at the forefront of Caterpillar’s evolution – taking pride in
solving complex problems by building new systems
from the ground up.
On our team, you’ll
leverage data
from across our entire enterprise and
more than 1.5M connected assets
to solve problems and find solutions that open a new world of possibilities for our machines, our customers, our dealers and our business.
While the challenge is great, so is the opportunity. Working with a
Fortune 100 leader
, you can build your career
on a global scale
and take advantage of development opportunities with
emerging technologies
like telematics, data engineering, AI and machine learning, and predictive analytics.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Patricia Kundratova
E-mail:
send CV
Zbrojničná 6, Košice, Slovakia
© 2024 Caterpillar. All rights reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5138644
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.11.2025
2025-11-03
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Architect
Spoločnosť:
Caterpillar Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 500 EUR/month