Full Stack Software Engineer/Developer
Channeltivity
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
From 4 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Full-time, remote position, with occasional on-site days in Piešťany, Slovakia.
About you:
-	You are passionate about writing good code.
-	You enjoy being part of a collaborative, forward-thinking, ego-free team
-	You get satisfaction from creating well-functioning processes and systems
Sound like you? Read on!
Channeltivity is a growing B2B software company based in Charlotte, NC. Our channel management platform is transforming the way technology companies build relationships with their resellers, and we’re looking for someone special to join the development team and help us create great software. This is an exciting opportunity for someone looking to grow within a small, thriving technology company with an excellent work-life balance.
Channeltivity is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
You’ll want to work for us because:
-	The work is fun, varied and challenging
-	We give you lots of responsibility
-	You’ll never stop learning
Primary Responsibilities:
-	Research, design, discuss, estimate, document and implement new features and tests.
-	Find, document, and fix bugs.
-	Assist the customer success team with support requests and implementations.
-	Collaborate with the team to develop strategy, implement best practices, and improve processes.
Ideal Candidate Requirements:
-	Team player with excellent written and verbal communication skills.
-	Organized with attention to detail.
-	Computer science or digital media degree.
-	At least 3 years of industry experience.
-	Knowledge of at least one major programming language, C# preferred.
-	Familiarity with JavaScript-based front-end web application a framework, AngularJS preferred.
-	Database savvy, Microsoft SQL Server preferred.
-	Self-motivated with a passion for the Web and technology.
-	Available to commute our office in Piešťany for the initial 3 week training period and as needed thereafter (2-4 times a month).
Please Apply for the Position at:
https://apply.workable.com/channeltivity/j/DC8DC2C967/
Employee perks, benefits
-	Competitive salary
-	Flexible hours
-	Paid time off (2 weeks plus holidays)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Computer Science
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
3
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Channeltivity is the market leader in partner relationship management (PRM) for technology vendors across the globe. As a SaaS application, Channeltivity helps vendors profile, recruit, educate, enable, engage and collaborate with partners to drive channel performance. Learn more at https://www.channeltivity.com
Please Apply at https://apply.workable.com/channeltivity/j/DC8DC2C967/
Number of employees
10-19 employees
Contact
Contact person: Amanda Reynolds
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5139646
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.10.2025
2025-10-27
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
C# Programmer
,
Frontend developer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Channeltivity
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 000 EUR/month