SK
EN
SK
EN
About the company
Benefits
Job Positions
Contact
Junior Developer
Place of work
Nivy Tower, Mlynské nivy, Ružinov, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Resco helps the world work better outside the office by making it simple to build complex mobile experiences for frontline workers. Over 800 enterprise and corporate companies from segments like utilities, retail, energy, oil & gas, manufacturing, telecommunications, transportation & logistics, or NGOs rely on Resco to simplify their frontline operations, improve efficiency, and reduce paperwork.
We are looking for a Junior Developer to join our internal Development team. If you have just finished school or are simply interested in a career in Software Development, we look forward to welcoming you to our team.
Wage (gross)
1 600 EUR/month
depending on the skills
Employee perks, benefits
Work for the IT company of the year 2014, 3rd most profitable IT company of 2015, and help us deliver mobile solutions to customers such as UNHCR, Heineken, Dräger, Kemp & Lauritzen, Danone, Bayer CropScience, Husqvarna, and 2000+
International work environment
Training, language courses & international conferences
Relaxed and informal culture
Flexible working hours
Attractive bonus system
MultiSport card - squash, tennis, badminton, gym, spa & countless other sports and activities
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Intermediate (B1)
Other knowledge
JavaScript - Skillful
TypeScript - Skillful
HTML5 - Skillful
CSS - Skillful
GIT - Skillful
The position is suitable for a fresh graduate
Yes
Personality requirements and skills
Requirements/Experience:
Javascript (Typescript experience is a plus)
HTML5
CSS
Git
Basic experience working with databases
React/Knockout eperience is a plus
Basic experience with C# is a plus
Any experience with iOS/Android development is a plus
Strong algorithmic thinking
Teamwork: Ability to collaborate and learn new things
Language Skills: Basic English is essential
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Resco, founded in 1999, is one of the global leaders in developing field operations and mobile enterprise software solutions. The company enables organizations to use and collect business data in the field and digitize paper-based processes through state-of-the-art technology. The solutions enable integration of various CRM and ERP systems, including Microsoft Dynamics 365, Salesforce, or Resco’s standalone platform - Resco Cloud. Today, Resco empowers over 2,500 clients and 200,000 users worldwide and transforms their field operations and knowledge management.
Number of employees
100-149 employees
Contact
Contact person: HR team Resco
E-mail:
send CV
Interested?
Send your CV
and become a part of the tech family.
Send us your cv
Follow us
RESCO spol. s r.o.
Mlynské nivy 5 / 82109 Bratislava / SK-EU
Copyright © 2026 Resco spol. s r.o.
All rights reserved
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5139193
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.2.2026
2026-02-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Android Developer
,
iOS Developer
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
RESCO spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 600 EUR/month