SAP Consultant Data Archiving and Decommissioning Service
Location:
Bratislava
Minimum salary:
2 000 EUR/month
Contract type:
full-time
Your role
Are you passionate about exploring new technologies? As a key member of our Data Archiving and Decommissioning Consulting Team, you'll embark on exciting projects across Europe especially in DACH region and on our emerging French market, playing a crucial role in in delivering turnkey implementations of our software Kyano Manage (Outboard and Datafridge component). You will be responsible for deploying these solutions in SAP environments, training customer teams, and ensuring successful execution of data archiving and legacy system decommissioning projects.
Kyano Manage is part of the SNP’s software portfolio facilitating seamless SAP system archiving and decommissioning. This means You’ll either help our customers setup Kyano Manage – Outboard to support their archiving activities in automated as seamless way, or You’ll be working with our customers who are decommissioning some of their SAP systems with our target agnostic Kyano Manage – Datafridge component, helping customers to achieve cost effective data storage.
Key Responsibilities:
Deploy and implement Kyano Manage (Outboard and Datafridge component) at customer sites or remotely as part of SAP archiving and decommissioning projects.
Execute end-to-end customer projects focused to prepare for an S/4HANA transformation or make the new S/4HANA environment efficient by
Historical data archiving prior or after S/4HANA transformation
Move historical data archives during S/4HANA transformation
Retire legacy SAP system upon completion of S/4HANA transformation
Train and guide customer teams on the use of SNP solutions for archiving and decommissioning, enabling them to maintain long-term success with the tools.
Support system installation, configuration, and integration of SNP solutions into customer SAP environments (e.g., SAP ECC, S/4HANA).
Provide expert consultation on best practices in SAP data lifecycle management related to active data archiving and application retirement
Collaborate with SNP project managers and technical teams to ensure high-quality and timely project delivery.
Document project steps, configurations, and customer-specific settings for knowledge transfer and support.
Cooperate with customer during UAT and help our Dev and Solution Engineering Teams located in Slovakia to further improve our software.
Do You like this job posting but Your experience fully doesn’t match? Feel free to drop Your CV to us and we might get back to You with offer for Junior role!
Your skills
English written and verbal (equivalent of B2 or higher); German or French is a plus
Minimum 2 years of experience in IT consulting, SAP Basis, or project implementation, ideally with exposure to SAP archiving or system decommissioning.
Solid understanding of SAP system architecture and SAP data management principles.
Hands-on experience with at least one SAP module (e.g., FI/CO, MM, SD, HR, BW) is an advantage.
Familiarity with SAP or third-party archiving technologies (ArchiveLink, SAP ILM, PBS, OpenText, JiVS, etc) and knowledge of data lifecycle strategies is highly desirable.
Strong customer focus with excellent communication and presentation skills.
Willingness to travel occasionally for on-site implementations and workshops.
Benefits
Fully covered lunch allowance
Extra beneficial paid sick leave
Wellbeing budget up to 1100€ (based on years of employment)
Education budget
Up to 2000€ referral bonus
Sick days
Multisport card
Sabbatical leave
Extra vacation on round work anniversaries
Possibility to travel abroad
Flexible working time
Home office possibilities
Teambuilding events
Exciting challenges and personal development opportunities
Language classes and other training opportunities
Apply now
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Your HR contact
Angelica Iannuzzi
Recruitment Specialist
In what language should I send my CV?
Please send your CV in English. It‘s possible that your manager is located in Germany or is not native in Slovak.
What does the interview process look like?
The interview process typically consists of:
A short 15-minute introductory call with the HR department.
A 1-hour interview with the hiring manager and HR.
Depending on the position, a 20-minute call with a colleague from Germany or a department head.
Will there be any assessments or tests as part of the recruitment process?
Yes, for specific positions, we may require candidates to take tests. The types of tests may vary depending on the position.
For more information about SNP Group visit:
www.snpgroup.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5141473
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.10.2025
2025-10-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
SNP Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month