Global IS/IT Infrastructure Engineer (Identity)
OPmobility
Place of work
Lozorno, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
asap/upon agreement
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
Final salary depends on selected candidate´s experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
The role of Infrastructure Engineer is based in Lozorno, Slovakia. Responsibilities: - Manage of Active Directory Servers and identities; - Ensure the support (L2/L3) of Server and Datacenter infrastructures, the provisioning, configuration, and deployment of physical and virtual servers; - Manage the integration and operation of cloud services, ensuring seamless connectivity and performance; - Implement disaster recovery and business continuity plans; - Keeps documentation up-to-date for the Service Desk; - Coordinate with Regional IT teams and the Tech Office to provide support and expertise in datacenter, server management, cloud, and related IT domains; - Assist regional teams in troubleshooting and resolving complex issues.
Employee perks, benefits
- Regular annual salary increase in July - Subsidized hot meals at the workplace - Multisport card for your sports activities - Monthly “Vitamin Day” with plenty of fruit and vegetables - Summer and Winter bonus, paid in July and December - Contribution to supplementary pension savings – 3rd pillar - Company events for employees and their family members - Contributions from the social fund for birthdays, weddings, childbirth, and other occasions
Information about the selection process
In case you are interested, please, submit your CV in English. As a responsible company, OPmobility pays particular attention to diversity and equality within its teams and the Group commits to treat all job applications equally.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT or relevant
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
Entra ID - Skillful
Azure Active Directory - Skillful
Experience in the position/sector
3
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
Willingness to work in a hybrid mode.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
The company OPmobility, formerly known as Plastic Omnium, is a world leader in the field of intelligent exterior systems, clean energy systems, lights and front modules of cars, and we also participate in the development of hydrogen technologies. We are part of a multinational group that operates in 28 countries around the world and employs more than 40,300 employees. Our Exterior business group develops and manufactures front and rear bumpers, tailgates and spoilers for global leading automotive brands.
Almost 80 years have passed since our founder came up with the idea of replacing selected metal car components with plastic ones to reduce their weight. Today, our employees participate in the development and production of exterior plastic parts, thereby contributing to safer and more sustainable mobility. Did you know that 1 out of 4 vehicles has a bumper produced in Opmobility plants?
With our orientation towards the future and innovations, we bring you the opportunity to become part of the new generation of mobility. Our ambition is to provide car manufacturers with cutting-edge equipment and solutions for the development of the clean and connected car of the future.
OPmobility also has a significant presence in Slovakia. Manufacturing facilities are located in the cities of Hlohovec and Lozorno. These facilities supply products directly to prestigious customers such as Jaguar Land Rover, Stellantis, and Volkswagen. Additionally, in Lozorno is situated Technical and development center, where our engineers and specialists work in international teams on new products, design and production process development.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Zuzana Košiková
Tel.:
+421905663614
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5142207
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.11.2025
2025-11-03
lokalita:
Lozorno
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
Spoločnosť:
OPmobility
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month