HR/IT Scrum Master (Workday HR)
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 2 500 EUR/month
From 2500 + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Tasks & Responsibilities
You act as the HR/IT Scrum Master for all Workday HR-related topics.
You work closely with product owners to manage and prioritize their product backlogs, ensuring alignment with stakeholder needs and our overarching IT and platform strategy.
You proactively lead all agile activities, taking ownership of planning, managing, and delivering feature releases while identifying, tracking, and mitigating risks and impediments that impact scope, schedule, or quality.
You ensure that all deliverables follow best practices and meet our internal quality standards.
You oversee the implementation of solutions in accordance with our IT service management and compliance frameworks, while fostering a culture of continuous improvement.
You think in terms of the bigger picture, considering end-to-end processes and identifying cross-topic dependencies.
Qualification & Experience
You hold a bachelor’s or master’s degree in a field related to Information Technology or Business Administration.
You have several years of experience driving agile development in technology or HR-related projects, serving as a Scrum Master or Agile Project Manager.
You are proficient with IT solutions that support agile processes (e.g., ServiceNow, Azure DevOps).
You bring certifications such as Certified Scrum Master (CSM) or similar agile credentials; experience with the ServiceNow NOW Create methodology is a plus.
You ideally have broad knowledge of Workday, especially the HR module, or a strong understanding of global HR/IT processes.
You have successfully contributed to international and interdisciplinary HR/IT projects.
You are experienced in managing IT service providers and coordinating external teams.
Attributes & Skills
You have a personal affinity with the digital world and modern cloud-based technology
You strive to translate business challenges and operational challenges into value-adding technology solutions
You are a well-structured and detail oriented worker with a strong ability to think analytically, you are able to work independently, and you have a thirst for knowledge
You work efficiently and you don't compromise on quality, even under intense time pressure and in highly complex situations
You have particularly strong teamworking skills, are proactive and like taking the lead on topics and you are highly motivated to drive topics to completion and deliver
You have a knack for stakeholder management and a high level of service orientation
You already have extensive experience with international and intercultural cooperation
Your English language skills are excellent, both spoken and written, and German language skills are an advantage
You communicate reliably across all organizational levels and working cultures
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards
: starting from 2500 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of work from home & work from office(telework / homeoffice)
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Multisport Card – employer's contribution of 10 EUR
Recognition and Reward program
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5144194
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.10.2025
2025-10-17
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Scrum Master
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month