O nás
Voľné pozície
Benefity
EN
SK
Staň sa súčasťou tímu vizionárov
Vytvárajme spolu budúcnosť kybernetickej bezpečnosti
späť na voľné pracovné miesta
Product Operations Manager
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 3 300 EUR/month
* The final basic wage component can be increased accordingly to individual skills and experience of the selected candidate. 
* Performance bonus 2 times per year up to 10% of the basic salary paid for the evaluation period(usually 6 months).
Contract type
full-time
As a member of global Product Management team at ESET headquarters, you will utilize your previous experience to shape the future of ESET security products and services for business customers around the world, including some of the most famous corporations (airlines, banks, car manufacturers and others).
As the Product Operations Manager, you will lead and coordinates key product lifecycle activities, including End-of-Life (EOL) management, research portfolio oversight, and roadmap maintenance. The role ensures operational efficiency across product management processes, supports cross-functional collaboration, and acts as a liaison between Product Management and other departments. Responsibilities also include managing research initiatives and maintaining product tools.
Responsibilities:
Lead and coordinate Product Lifecycle (PLC) and End-of-Life (EOL) activities across teams to ensure timely execution and alignment
Define and implement EOL strategies, standards, and frameworks to ensure process consistency
Manage and optimize EOL operations, including shutdown planning and organizational support
Conduct and coordinate user and market research to support strategic product decisions
Maintain product tools and update product roadmaps, including vendor communication
Collaborate cross-functionally with Sales, Marketing, and Technology teams on requirements, escalations, and implementations
Participate in governance groups and monitor relevant legislative changes impacting product management
Manage product management processes and tools, including a global ticketing system and information flow etc.
Personality requirements and skills:
Previous working experience in IT/technology/software company is required; ideally at least 2 years of experience as a technology Product Operations Manager or a similar (product related) role
Business customer orientation and proven ability to properly understand business customer needs is required
Strong communication and presentation skills to various audiences in English is required
Extensive experience with working in a team
Previous Product Management job related to cybersecurity is a significant advantage
Previous experience in Business-to-Business is an advantage
Previous working experience with administration of enterprise network or endpoint security is an advantage
Dedication, excellent attitude towards the goals, passion about the product and its broader context are key values of the suitable candidate
Ability to manage strategic and operational challenges
Kontaktná osoba
Jakub Kunik
Poslať životopis
BENEFITY PRE TEBA
Flexibilita
Firemné podujatia
Benefity pre celú rodinu
Šport a zdravie Wellbeing
A ešte viac…
O ESETe
Spoločnosť ESET je globálnym lídrom v oblasti digitálnej bezpečnosti a je jedným z najväčších dodávateľov bezpečnostných riešení v Európskej únii. Zároveň je najväčšou a najoceňovanejšou IT firmou na Slovensku.
Už viac ako 30 rokov vyvíjame popredný softvér a služby zamerané na IT bezpečnosť a ochranu podnikov, kritickej infraštruktúry a domácností z celého sveta
Okrem vytvárania bezpečnostných riešení pre zákazníkov je našim cieľom aj aktívne prispievať k inovatívnej a zodpovednej spoločnosti v oblasti
vzdelávania
,
vedy
a
výskumu
.
V ESETe sú diverzita, rovnosť a inklúzia (DEI) neoddeliteľnou súčasťou firemnej kultúry. Sme hrdým signatárom a ambasádorom
Charty diverzity
. Snažíme sa vytvárať pracovné
prostredie
, kde sa každý cíti cenený a rešpektovaný. S otvorenosťou vítame záujem jednotlivcov zo všetkých prostredí -  vrátane rasy, pohlavia, veku, náboženstva, zdravotného znevýhodnenia, či sexuálnej orientácie.
Viac sa o nás dozviete na
našej stránke
.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5145592
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.10.2025
2025-10-21
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
,
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
ESET, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 300 EUR/month