Lenovo Slovakia
Benefits
Jobs
Contact us
Data Analytics Developer
What do you need to succeed in this opportunity
- Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL), as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases
- Strong communication (fluent in spoken and written English) and collaboration skills to work effectively with teams worldwide
- Understanding of data warehousing concepts (ETL/ELT, STAR schema, snowflake schema), Kimball / Inmon methodology is a plus
- Hands-on experience with Python for use in data integration, data manipulation, data pipelines is a plus
- Hands-on experience with BI tools (e.g. Qlik, PowerBI) is a plus
- Degree in Computer Science, IT, or similar field; a Master’s degree is a plus
- Data engineering certification (e.g. Databricks Certified Data Engineer) is a plus
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
SQL - Skillful
Python - Basic
Databricks - Basic
What will you do
The Senior WW Operations BI developer will design, develop, implement and deliver BI solutions to support the business needs. He/she will collaborate with business and IT to identify key business requirements. He/she will also have a strong background and experience in working with SQL. In addition, he will also have experience with databases (on-prem & cloud) and dimensional modelling.
Responsibilities:
- Analyzing raw data, developing and maintaining datasets, improving data quality and efficiency
- Work closely with internal customers (e.g. reporting teams), IT teams & Digital Transformation team
Other information
Place of work:
Landererova 12, Landererova, Old Town, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Salary offer (gross):
From 3 100 EUR/month
Base gross monthly salary starts from 3.100 EUR. The final offer could be, of course, negotiated higher than the advertised minimum - it all depends on your experience! In addition, there is also a variable part (a bonus) in the value of 12% of your annual earnings.
Contract type:
full-time
What we offer
Healthcare and well-being
Development
Work - life balance
Bonus system
Community life (CSR)
About Lenovo
Lenovo is a company in a constant state of
creation.
Here, you'll
architect
your own career,
pioneer
new ideas and
master
new skills.
Lenovo Slovakia employs more than
25 nationalities
and
is the biggest shared service center in Lenovo Group.
Our people share a common aspiration to
be the very best.
Whether
serving
our customers,
working
together as a team or
contributing
to the community, we are working to build
unique company.
APPLY
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5146800
Dátum zverejnenia:
29.10.2025
2025-10-29
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Lenovo (Slovakia) s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 100 EUR/month