Game Developer
VisionLake, s.r.o.
Miesto práce
Na vrátkach 1b-3, Dúbravka, Slovensko, Bratislava (Pozícia umožňuje občasnú prácu z domu)
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Termín nástupu
ihneď
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
3 000 EUR/mesiac
Salary range starts at 3000 EUR, final amount will be adjusted according to your level of expertise and experience.
Informácie o pracovnom mieste
Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednosti
We are looking for a talented Game developer to join our team working on games for online casinos in TypeScript.
You should have at least 3 years of professional experience in writing clean, maintainable code in TypeScript or JavaScript.
Knowledge of HTML + CSS and/or Node.js is an advantage.
You should be able to apply good design practices, adopt established team coding style, care about quality and enjoy working in an agile team.
Further we would like you to be a team player who is highly self-organized, interested in taking over ownership, proactive and not afraid to ask when you are unable to solve a problem :)
Experience with game development would be a strong advantage.
English on an intermediate level is also essential.
Zamestnanecké výhody, benefity
opportunity to work on engaging projects in a nice, inclusive and relaxed environment where your ideas are valued - a good team vibe and atmosphere is crucial for us
dynamic and agile game development - working on new and exciting games multiple times throughout the year
our working schedule is very flexible, home-office is of course possible as well
when it comes to team-buildings we opt for a good dinner and beer
rather than investing into vouchers or different perks we invest into your personal compensation and you decide how to spend it ;)
we totally support you in developing your expertise and domain knowledge - do you have an idea for an additional course that might help you? Do you fancy visiting a conference? Come to us with your ideas and we will support them
free parking on our private parking lot behind the office building
last but not least - very good specialty coffee
Požiadavky na zamestnanca
Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelaním
stredoškolské s maturitou
nadstavbové/vyššie odborné vzdelanie
študent vysokej školy
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Mierne pokročilý (B1)
Inzerujúca spoločnosť
Stručná charakteristika spoločnosti
VisionLake provides information services, custom application development and solutions to various clients across industries. We are focused on information processing, multimedia and web technologies.
Kontakt
Kontaktná osoba: Katarína Mišáková
E-mail:
poslať životopis
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5146667
Dátum zverejnenia:
14.11.2025
2025-11-14
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Frontend programátor
,
Javascript programátor
,
Programátor
Spoločnosť:
VisionLake, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/mesiac