O Maxin´s
Voľné pozície
0950 103 777
infolinka
SAP Consultant Data Migration Service (p751)
MAXIN’S Group, s.r.o. – Lídri v oblasti HR riešení na Slovensku
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
2 700 EUR/month
konzultant
Zdenko Vajsábel
+421907569654
Mám záujem
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Your role:
Are you passionate about exploring new technologies? As a key member of our SAP Consulting Service Line, you'll embark on exciting projects across Europe and North America, playing a crucial role in mass data modification initiatives using our cutting-edge Transformation Tool.
Our tool facilitates seamless migration between ECC to S/4HANA, employing the innovative SNP BLUEFIELD approach. This means selective data migration or choosing specific periods or domains based on predefined mapping and integration rules, ensuring a swift conversion to the new system within just 48 hours.
Key Responsibilities:
Technical support of SAP transformation projects from kick off to project completion.
Technical analysis of complex SAP system landscapes of our customers.
Development, implementation and technical testing of transformation and migration solutions.
Translation of functional migration concepts and rule set definition into technical implementation with SNP CrystalBridge®.
Configuration of our standard software SNP CrystalBridge® according to the migration blueprint and the rule set
Application of our standard software SNP CrystalBridge® for the transformation of SAP systems in the course of migrations to S/4 HANA, post-merger & system mergers, carve outs, organizational changes & conversions, chart of accounts and controlling area harmonization, SAP New G/L migrations
Employee perks, benefits
Benefits:
Extra beneficial paid sick leave.
Fully covered lunch allowance.
Budget for personal wellbeing from 450€ up to 1100€(based on years of employment).
Up to 2000€ referral bonus.
Sick days.
Multisport card.
Sabbatical leave.
Extra vacation on round work anniversaries.
Possibility to travel abroad.
Flexible working time.
Home office possibilities.
Worldwide travel insurance.
Teambuilding events.
Exciting challenges and personal development opportunities.
Language classes and other training opportunities.
Information about the selection process
Please send your CV in English. It‘s possible that your manager is located in Germany or is not native in Slovak.
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Other unlisted areas
Company has been helping companies worldwide to shape their own journey towards a digital and connected future. SNP provides software and consulting services for complex SAP projects, including SAP S/4HANA transformations, mergers and acquisitions, system landscape optimizations, cloud data integrations, and system decommissioning.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Personality requirements and skills
Solid knowledge in at least one SAP module (Finance module or Logistic is preferred, eWM big plus).
Expertise of SAP Data migration migration projects is a plus.
Experience in programming ABAP and SAP DDIC.
Communicative and willing to learn new things.
Presentation skills.
Interest in migrations projects.
Fluent English in speaking and writing, any other European language is an advantage.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Many years of experience have made each of us an expert in our industry with valuable experience. Each of us is different, but at the same time there was a team of unique people, and so MAXIN‘S Group, s.r.o. We implement our services together with our clients, that we actively contribute to the fulfillment of the wishes, tasks and goals of our clients.
"The road to success leads through enormous and determined actions." Tonny Robbins
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Zdenko Vajsábel
Tel.:
+421907569654
E-mail:
send CV
Poslať spoločnosti životopis
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Radi Vám poradíme
0950 103 777
nabor@maxins.sk
Sledujte nás na sociálnych sieťach
www.maxins.sk
ID:
5147909
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.10.2025
2025-10-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
MAXIN’S Group, s.r.o. – Lídri v oblasti HR riešení na Slovensku
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month