Unleash
Your
Power
About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
SAP Analytics Principal Engineer
Apply Now
Date posted:
27.10.2025
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 4 450 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is €4450 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
At Takeda’s ICC we Unite in Diversity
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive and collaborative workplace, where individuals are recognized for their backgrounds and abilities they bring to our company. We are continuously improving our collaborators’ journey in Takeda, and we welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our diverse team.
The Opportunity
As an SAP Analytics Principal Engineer you will be responsible for designing, developing, and implementing advanced analytics solutions using SAP Analytics Cloud. This role involves collaborating with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements and translate them into effective analytics solutions.
Responsibilities
Solution Design and Development:
•	Collaborate with business stakeholders to understand complex requirements in the GMS/GQ domains.
•	Design, develop, and optimize SAC solutions including planning, dashboards, predictive analytics, and custom development.
•	Ensure adherence to Takeda’s analytics architecture and governance standards.
•	Ensure seamless integration between SAC and various data sources, including SAP S/4HANA, SAP BW, SAP Datasphere and third-party databases, to support reporting needs.
Analytics and Planning:
•	Develop SAC models incorporating both live and acquired data sources while maximizing performance and scalability.
•	Create advanced reports with customized filtering, sorting, and drill-down functionalities for a better user experience.
•	Design and implement multi-model planning applications, custom calculations, allocations, and advanced scripting within SAC. Utilizing predictive forecasting and smart predict features to enhance planning capabilities.
Cross-Functional Collaboration:
•	Partner with IT teams, GMS/GQ functional leads, and global process owners to ensure alignment between analytics initiatives and organizational goals.
•	Collaborating with cross-functional teams to identify technical and functional requirements.
•	Work within an agile environment, participating in sprint planning, backlog refinement, and cross-functional reviews.
Performance Optimization:
•	Monitor SAC performance and conduct troubleshooting.
•	Continuously improve analytics solutions and introduce relevant innovations from SAP technologies.
User Training & Documentation:
•	Provide training and documentation to end users
•	Perform unit testing and collaborate with users during User Acceptance Testing (UAT) to ensure accuracy, reliability, and performance of reports.
Release Management:
•	Manage release cycles, coordinate across IT and business teams for successful deployments, and ensure alignment with go-live governance and approval processes.
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to our Benefits page (button above).
• Cafeteria
• Medical - High standard medical care
• Bridge days
• Summer Hours
• Multisport Card
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
Skills and Qualifications
•	Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field.
•	10+ years of hands-on experience in SAP Business Intelligence/Analytics roles.
•	Hands-on experience working with SAP Analytics Solutions, such as SAP BW, SAP HANA, SAP Datasphere or Business Technology Platform (BTP).
•	Minimum 3+ years in SAP Analytics Cloud (Planning and Reporting) or strong experience in SAP BW, ABAP, SAP HANA or other SAP Technologies
•	Hands-on experience in one or more scripting languages at an advanced level.
Other Skills and Capabilities:
•	Strong communication skills and ability to work in cross-functional agile teams.
•	Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to engage stakeholders from various organizational levels.
•	Deep problem-solving skills with a focus on performance optimization and continuous improvement.
•	Demonstrated ability to work in an organized, methodical, and self-reliant manner while managing complex projects and multiple priorities.
•	Ensure clarity and precision in delivery, while maintaining accountability for deadlines and quality standards.
•	Excellent English skills, both written and verbal.
Preferred Experience and Skills:
•	Experience with analytics in the finance domain (FP&A, P&L modeling, cost center planning).
•	Proficiency in SAC functionalities such as story building, calculated mesures, planning functions,
•	and integration with SAP BW, HANA, SAP Datasphere and other SAP and non-SAP tool.
•	3+ years demonstrating a high degree of proficiency in designing and developing complex, high-quality analytical solutions using SAP Analytics Solutions
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5147631
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.10.2025
2025-10-27
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
ABAP Programmer
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Architect
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 450 EUR/month