Lenovo Slovakia
Benefits
Jobs
Contact us
Services Solution Architect
What do you need to succeed in this opportunity
*Bachelors degree required, Masters degree a plus
*5+ years of IT technology, end user support, and/or client device services experience
*5+ years of product development, support or similar experience
*Executive level communication & presentation skills
Required education
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
vysokoškolské III. stupňa
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Pokročilý (C1)
What will you do
Lenovo is more than a global technology company. We’re a leader in genuine innovation, dreaming up - and building - the technology and services that enable and inspire progress around the world.
Lenovo is more than a global technology company. We’re a leader in genuine innovation, building the technology and services that enable and inspire progress around the world.
As part of Lenovo’s Services Solution Group (SSG), the Services Solution Architect plays a pivotal role not only in shaping technical service solutions but also in supporting and streamlining the sales order process. Embedded within the Offer Management team, this role bridges the gap between technical service design and operational sales execution—ensuring that Lenovo’s Configuration and Deployment services are applied effectively and efficiently to meet customer needs.
This position is ideal for a dynamic professional who combines technical acumen with a strong understanding of sales operations. The architect will collaborate closely with sales teams, customers, and internal stakeholders to simplify service selection, support order readiness, and provide feedback to enhance Lenovo’s Services Portfolio. Success in this role requires the ability to influence outcomes, solve operational challenges, and advocate for scalable, standardized service solutions that minimize customization while maximizing customer satisfaction.
Key Responsibilities:
*Subject matter expert on services solutions, deep understanding of service sales offerings, delivery processes and competitive landscape.
*Provide sales order support, architect services solution proposals that meet customer needs.
*Liaison to the PMO and ensuring orders are understood and engaging in their readiness.
*Escalation assistance related to order selection, architecting solutions and advocating available offers.
*Assisting in order exception assessments, processes and approval of non-standard requests.
*Sales training, launch assistance, enablement support.
*Disposition SOW deals, working with various business units on inclusion of standard offers to fulfill SOW deals where possible.
*Offer standardization feedback to the offer team, communicate trends in what’s being requested, suggestions for improvement and help chart the services roadmap
*Develop MFG and delivery fulfilment expertise, understand various workflows & make improvement suggestions.
*Strong analytical, communication and presentation skillset
*Collaborative approach & ability to influence across the organization
*Participate in the development, proofing and presentation of materials for customers, prospects, business partners and channel.
Other information
Place of work:
Landererova 12, Landererova, Staré Mesto, Slovensko, Bratislava (Pozícia umožňuje občasnú prácu z domu)
Salary offer (gross):
Od 3 100 EUR/mesiac
Base gross monthly salary starts from 3.100 EUR. The final offer could be, of course, negotiated higher than the advertised minimum - it all depends on your experience! In addition, there is also a variable part (a bonus) in value of 12% of your annual earnings.
Contract type:
plný úväzok
What we offer
Healthcare and well-being
Development
Work - life balance
Bonus system
Community life (CSR)
About Lenovo
Lenovo is a company in a constant state of
creation.
Here, you'll
architect
your own career,
pioneer
new ideas and
master
new skills.
Lenovo Slovakia employs more than
25 nationalities
and
is the biggest shared service center in Lenovo Group.
Our people share a common aspiration to
be the very best.
Whether
serving
our customers,
working
together as a team or
contributing
to the community, we are working to build
unique company.
APPLY
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5151859
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.11.2025
2025-11-07
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT analytik
,
IT architekt
,
IT konzultant
,
Obchodný analytik
,
Produktový manažér v IT
Spoločnosť:
Lenovo (Slovakia) s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 100 EUR/mesiac