Exciting Opportunity for IT Specialists to Grow with CEVA
CEVA Ground Logistics Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Zavar, Trnava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
1 900 EUR/month
this is the minimum guaranteed base salary, the final salary depends on the experience of the selected candidate
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
If you answer yes to the following questions, you might be the one we’re looking for!
Are you passionate about technology and service delivery?
Do you enjoy working close to the business while being part of a global IT community?
Are you motivated to support users, improve systems, and contribute to global IT initiatives?
Then let us know about you!
In this role, you will ensure stable, secure, and efficient IT operations for CEVA locations within your region while actively contributing to global IT projects and initiatives. You will act as a local IT partner for the business, working closely with CEVA Global IT teams to deliver solutions aligned with corporate standards and strategic objectives.
WHAT YOU WILL DO?
Deliver high-quality 1st and 2nd line IT support to CEVA end users
Install, configure, and manage IT systems, workplace devices, and approved applications
Troubleshoot and resolve IT incidents, escalating when required
Maintain accurate IT documentation
Support global IT project rollouts and initiatives
Act as a local point of contact for CEVA Global IT programs
Coordinate with cross-functional teams, vendors and Global IT PMO
Support user training, onboarding and offboarding
Promote continuous service improvement
WHY JOIN US?
You will join a friendly and supportive team where your ideas matter. You will work with modern technologies and be part of global IT projects. We offer opportunities to grow your skills, learn new things, and make a real impact. You will have a stable job, a positive work environment, and the chance to work with people from different countries.
WHAT CAN WE OFFER?
• Global IT exposure and international projects
• Continuous learning and development opportunities
• Competitive compensation and benefits
• Long-term career opportunities within CEVA
Employee perks, benefits
You can enjoy an attractive annual bonus that rewards your hard work and commitment, allowing you to celebrate your achievements in style.
You have the flexibility to work from home once a week, ensuring you maintain a healthy work-life balance while staying productive.
Engage in various courses and training opportunities, as we prioritize your education and personal development, empowering you to reach your full potential.
Receive a contribution to supplementary pension insurance (3rd pillar), a smart saving strategy that we support to help secure your financial future.
Explore the option of taking out life insurance, because your well-being is important to us.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
o	Educational Specialization: computer science/informatics
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
Slovak - Proficiency (C2)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Office 365 - Advanced
Windows OS - Advanced
Microsoft Active Directory - Advanced
Networking - Advanced
Cybersecurity fundamentals - Advanced
Number of years of experience
1
Personality requirements and skills
Your English, both written and spoken, is fluent (at least B2 – Upper Intermediate).
Strong communication, analytical mindset, service orientation, ability to work under pressure.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
CEVA Logistics provides global supply chain solutions to connect people, products, and providers all around the world. Present in 170+ countries and with more than 110,000 employees spread over 1,500 sites, we are proud to be a Top 5 global 3PL.
We believe that our employees are the key to our success. We want to engage and empower our diverse, global team to co-create value with our customers through our solutions in contract logistics and air, ocean, ground, and finished vehicle transport. That is why CEVA Logistics offers a dynamic and exceptional work environment that fosters personal growth, innovation, and continuous improvement.
DARE TO GROW! Join CEVA Logistics, and you will be part of a team that values imagination and continued learning and is committed to excellence in everything we do. Join us in our mission to shape the future of global logistics. As we continue growing at a fast pace, will you “Dare to Grow” with us?
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Marta Marcinková
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5151651
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.3.2026
2026-03-24
lokalita:
Zavar
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
Spoločnosť:
CEVA Ground Logistics Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 900 EUR/month