Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Security Technik Administrator
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 300 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
Security Technik Administrator is responsible for administrative/operative tasks in security processes. Holder of the position executes of measurements and tests in the area of security/ data protection, operation of reference systems for security systems. Security Technik Administrator provides technical support for security management systems. Holder of the position performs the given tasks at the L2 level of complexity and specification.
What will you do?
Performing complex administrative/operational tasks from security processes
Carrying out measurements and tests for selected subject fields related to security/data protection
Participating in the definition and performance of tests as part of security management and reviews in the task field
Planning and procuring technical equipment (e.g., measuring devices, testing tools)
Running selected reference systems for security systems and specific security management tools, including managing applications/providing technical support, in the task field
Providing technical support for security management systems
Commercially evaluating security measures; acting as a point of contact for Group units as part of the implementation process
Supporting employees regarding security topics
Analyzing and preparing data and information on security topics
Being involved in projects
You will succeed if you:
Hold a Bachelor's degree in Information Technologies
Have at least 2 years of experience in ICT Technical Infrastructure Operations
Possess relevant vendor-specific certifications
Hold a CCNA or higher certification (preferred)
Have intermediate proficiency in MS Office
Have a solid understanding of networking fundamentals
Have a good overview of hardware & software
Are familiar with ITIL V4 Foundation at an intermediate level
Communicate effectively and clearly
Show a willingness to learn and grow
Exhibit strong analytical thinking skills
Work well in a team and collaborate effectively with others
Have an upper intermediate (B2) level of English, with German language skills being advantageous
Have a clear criminal record
Possess general knowledge at the CCNA level or higher, including:
o Routing and switching basics
o IPsec and SSL VPNs
o Proxy and reverse proxy services
o Firewalls and next-generation firewalls
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 300 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Dana Dráčová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5154586
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.10.2025
2025-10-23
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 300 EUR/month