Software Engineer (Fullstack) - Omega team
Eleveo a.s., organizačná zložka Slovensko
Place of work
Košice
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 2 800 EUR/month
Depends on seniority.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About Eleveo
Eleveo a.s. is a leading provider of innovative software solutions designed to empower Contact Centers worldwide. Our flagship platform enables organizations to
record, analyze, and improve customer interactions
by leveraging advanced tools for self-evaluation, quality management, and customer feedback analysis.
Founded with a vision to transform customer service experiences, Eleveo combines deep industry expertise with cutting-edge technology to help businesses
enhance operational efficiency, improve agent performance, and elevate customer satisfaction
. Our solutions support omnichannel environments, integrating voice, chat, email, and social media channels to provide a holistic view of customer interactions.
With a global client base spanning multiple industries, Eleveo emphasizes
reliability, scalability, and innovation
in all our offerings. We foster a culture of continuous improvement, collaboration, and agile development, ensuring our platform evolves alongside the fast-changing needs of modern Contact Centers.
Headquartered in Prague, with offices in Slovakia and the USA, Eleveo is proud to be a part of the global digital transformation movement—helping businesses turn customer insights into actionable improvements and lasting competitive advantage.
To learn more about our products and vision, visit our product page.
About team
Team Omega is responsible for integrating with Contact Center as a Service (CCaaS) providers and collecting contact center–related
data
for use in Eleveo applications (Workforce Management, Workforce Optimization) and analytics. The ultimate goal is to provide easy-to-setup integration with customers’ cloud contact center systems and provide a seamless experience for
data
transfer.
You will
Write well-designed, testable code based on PM (Product Management) requirements
Develop a software product, staying true to our company’s core values and needs while lending your own creativity to the mix
Create scalable, automated solutions for our customer base
Integrate software components into a fully functional software system
Write unit and integration tests for each new development delivery
Document and maintain software functionality
Employee perks, benefits
​Creative environment with a strong sense of ownership, living agile
Architecting a solution in a fast-growth industry (high scalability, fault resiliency…)
Flexible home-office policy
Flexible working hours – based on agreement with the team
Global multinational environment; headquarter in Prague, and offices in Slovakia, and the USA
Open and transparent team environment
Competitive salary
Team events – company breakfasts, team building
Budget for training and conferences, internal knowledge share sessions
Trainings - courses across tech, business, leadership, and wellness are paid after agreement with your manager
Focus time – dedicated time for education, experiments, or working on open-source projects
Look at the list of benefits https://joineleveo.com/benefits/
Information about the selection process
You can find more information about our selection process on the page: https://joineleveo.com/interview/
Please note, only selected candidates will be contacted.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Educational Specialization
Software Development
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
​Advanced or senior level in React
Proficiency withHTML, CSS and JavaScript/TypeScript
Some experience with Java or Kotlin and Spring Boot
Basic level (or general overview) in Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, Unix & Linux
Object-oriented programming and functional programming
Experience with Spring Batch and OLAP cubes are a plus
Git, Maven/Gradle(nice to have)
Databases – PostgreSQL (basics)
Familiar with general software design patterns
Clean code attitude and test-driven – unit tests, integration tests
Strong technical thinking and problem-solving skills
Interest in modern technologies (AWS Cloud preferably)
Fluent English
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Eleveo is a software company developing products which support everyday operation of a wide range of contact centers, including financial institutions, telecommunication providers or emergency services. The main focus of the company is software for recording, reconstruction and archivization of calls, as well as later analysis and evaluation of recordings. The primary goal of the Kosice development center is development of a native cloud platform.
More information can be found at: https://joineleveo.com/about-eleveo/
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Zuzana Sotáková
Tel.:
+421948892189
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5155151
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.11.2025
2025-11-17
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Eleveo a.s., organizačná zložka Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month