Senior Spring Boot Developer with DevOps & UI experience
Think Ahead - Unternehmergesellschaft (haftungsbeschränkt) für innovative Software-Projekte
Arbeitsort
Heimarbeit
Art des Arbeitsverhältnisses
Gewerbeschein
Einstellungstermin
01.04.2026
Gehalt (brutto)
Ab 35 EUR/Stunde
We are able to offer very flexible options for billing fees.
Informationen über die Arbeitstelle
Arbeitsinhalt, Befugnisse und Verantwortlichkeiten
We are involved with a large and stable customer in the financial industry, modernising and consolidating its various customer systems. We were commissioned to put together an agile Scrum team to manage and further develop existing components of these customer systems during the modernisation process.
The tech stack consists of Java EE with Spring Boot on Kubernetes/OpenShift, CI/CD stack consists of Maven & Jenkins, Frontend is realized with vue.js.
The tasks are varied and do not consist solely of backend development. Frontend work in vue.js may also be required, as well as adjustments to the build and deploy pipeline. We are seeking several candidates and aim to create the right mix of skills within the team.
This project is a long term assignment, starting in Q2 and targeted at least until the end of the year.
Zusätzliche Leistungen, Vorteile
The work takes place at your home. Laptops are provided, and an initial visit to Germany may be necessary for onboarding (Dusseldorf/Cologne area - travel expenses will be reimbursed).
You can choose between Windows-based laptops or Macbooks. Please ensure, that you are familiar with the chosen operating system.
Informationen über das Auswahlverfahren
We will check your qualifications given in your provided profile. The start of the project is end of Q1 / beginning of Q2.
Many thanks.
Anforderungen an den Mitarbeiter
Für die Stelle sind Bewerber mit der Ausbildung geeignet
Weiterbildung/höhere fachliche Ausbildung
Universitätsausbildung (z. B. Bc., ...)
Universitätsausbildung (z.B. Dipl. Ing., ...)
Sprachkenntnisse
Englische Sprache - Fortgeschrittene (C1)
oder
Deutsche Sprache - Fortgeschrittene (C1)
Andere Kenntnisse
Spring Boot - Experte
Docker - Fortgeschrittene
Kubernetes - Fortgeschrittene
Maven - Fortgeschrittene
Jenkins - Fortgeschrittene
RabbitMQ - mittlere Kenntnisse
Vue.js - mittlere Kenntnisse
Java EE - Experte
Rest API - Fortgeschrittene
User Acceptance Testing (UAT) - mittlere Kenntnisse
Relational Database Management System (RDBMS) - Fortgeschrittene
Anzahl der Jahre der Berufspraxis
5
Charaktervoraussetzungen und Fähigkeiten
You are self-motivated and flexible, communicative, eager to learn and not afraid of taking responsibility.
Inserierende Gesellschaft
Kurze Charakteristik der Gesellschaft
For more than 25 years, we have been successfully supporting companies in the planning, implementation, and optimization of IT projects. With our extensive experience and strong commitment to quality, we help our clients turn complex challenges into sustainable solutions.
Core Services
* Project Management: Structured coordination and successful execution of IT projects – on time, transparent, and efficient.
* Application Development: Tailor-made software solutions that perfectly support business processes and create real value.
* Business Analysis: In-depth analysis of business processes to identify potential and develop future-oriented strategies.
* Requirements Management: Precise capture, documentation, and management of requirements as the foundation for project success.
Our Strength
We combine technological expertise with methodological competence and place great emphasis on collaborative partnerships. Our goal is to deliver sustainable IT solutions that drive our clients forward in the long term.
Anzahl der Mitarbeiter
3-4 Mitarbeiter
Kontakt
Kontaktperson: Jan de Vries
E-mail:
Lebenslauf senden
Um auf dieses Angebot zu reagieren,
brauchen Sie keinen Lebenslauf
. Es genügt, ein Formular auszufüllen.
Auf ein Stellenangebot reagieren
Angebot einem Bekannten weiterempfehlen
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5156237
Dátum zverejnenia:
9.2.2026
2026-02-09
lokalita:
Heimarbeit
Pozícia:
Backend Entwickler
,
DevOps Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Think Ahead - Unternehmergesellschaft (haftungsbeschränkt) für innovative Software-Projekte
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
35 EUR/Stunde