About us
Our benefits
Open positions
IT Business Analyst
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 200 - 3 700 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between EUR 2,200 and EUR 3,700 per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers:​-the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, ​-the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience.​In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits.​Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As an IT Business Analyst, you’ll work closely with Application Engineers to build and enhance IT solutions while supporting operational tasks. You’ll be involved in everything from creating specifications, testing and improving processes. You will further support the Financial close processes. The role requires effective communication with an international user community and collaboration with IT and Finance colleagues across the globe.
Key Responsibilities
• Drive change requests via gathering and translating requirements for developers, including providing testing support
• Support financial close by operating interfaces and tackling incidents
• Monitor and maintain system interfaces, ensuring data quality
• Analyze system processes, identify errors, and propose improvements
• Build and share knowledge about applications and processes
• Support a culture of continuous improvement
About the Team
D&A IETV Integration team is a global, diverse team of IT Business Analysts and Application Engineers responsible for integrating various data streams into a unified system, ensuring smooth and efficient operations across multiple processes.
Employee perks, benefits
You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
• Experience in a similar role
• Experience with application integration and databases, proficient in SQL and experienced with ETL processes
• Familiarity with JSON, JavaScript, Databricks, Apache Spark and Apache Kafka is a plus
• Strong organizational, time management, and communication skills
• Ability to quickly grasp concepts and think conceptually, curious, proactive team player
• Open to working with new technologies
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
1700 and more employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Livia Pasztorova
Apply here
ID:
5157039
Dátum zverejnenia:
31.10.2025
2025-10-31
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month