Service Dispatcher with German and English language
Vertiv Slovakia, a. s.
Place of work
Prievozská, Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 500 EUR/month
negotiable
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
​We are seeking a proactive and organized
Service Dispatcher
to join our team. In this role, you will be responsible for the daily planning, coordination, and support of service activities, ensuring timely and efficient delivery of services to our customers.
If you thrive in a fast-paced environment, excel at communication, and enjoy problem-solving, we’d love to hear from you.
Daily scheduling and assignment of tasks to technicians and subcontractors according to customer requirements, contracts, and emergency calls
Managing and supervising the daily activities of the team, as well as improving technicians’ efficiency and productivity
Processing new orders and issuing purchase orders for materials
Handling emergency cases and answering customer phone calls
Monitoring task completion, escalating issues, and providing updates on delays or rescheduling
Issuing invoices and closing service requests
Employee perks, benefits
Annual Wage Increase.
Christmas bonus 100% of the basic salary.
Working leave for regeneration with wage compensation - 10 days.
Food allowance in excess of the law.
Flexible working hours.
7.5 hours of working time.
Referral bonus.
Other benefits within the social program (contributions for blood donations, contributions for work and life anniversaries).
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
German - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
Customer Service
Number of years of experience
2
Personality requirements and skills
High school or university degree in a technical field
General knowledge of ERP systems and the Microsoft Office package is recommended
Advanced proficiency in German and good command of English
More than 2 years of experience in customer service
Ability to manage people, coordinate and run projects, and handle change and stress
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Who are we?
At Vertiv, we’re on a mission to empower the people that will power the future. From a simple swipe to life-changing medicines, from push notifications to generative AI. We design, manufacture, and service the products and solutions that keep the world connected.  With $6.9 billion in revenue, a strong customer base and global reach spanning nearly 70 countries, we are uniquely positioned to deliver greater value to our customers and create new opportunities for our people.
Vertiv Slovakia has more than 20 years of history in Slovakia. We have manufacturing plant in Nove Mesto nad Váhom, where are employed more than 1000 employees and Shared Service Centre for region EMEA was established in Bratislava 10 years ago.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Lenka Jesenská
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5158337
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.12.2025
2025-12-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Co-ordinator
,
Dispatcher/Traffic Controller
,
Managing Clerk
,
Service Engineer
,
Service Technician
Spoločnosť:
Vertiv Slovakia, a. s.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month