Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Non technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Program Manager with German Language
Place of work
Moldavská cesta 8B, Košice-Juh, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 300 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
A Program manager manages complex overall projects and programs for the processing and fulfillment of agreed deliverables and services in compliance with the PM book, PMI methodology and contract, from the signing of the contract to the declaration of overall acceptance by the customer as part of innovative, complex overall projects with considerable national/international importance; leads the realization of programs in time, within the agreed budget and in line with quality standards.
What will you do?
Key accountabilities
• Advising executive management (program sponsors) on strategic business matters in connection with the relevant projects
Intensive communication and collaboration with stakeholders as well as the Steering committee of the program
Program initialization (acquisition, scoping, prioritization, business case, conditions, costs, deliverables)
Program planning (Time, Cost, Quality, Resource, Program Organization, Communication, Stakeholder, Architecture and Risk
management)
Program execution and control (monitoring of the program plan, audits, change management, procurement & contract management, replanning)
Program closure (Scope and Business case evaluation, Lessons learned)
Decision making within scope of her/his program
Escalation management and the transfer of the solution to the Service and the Operation teams
You will succeed if you:
Education
Master’s degree
Experience
7 years
Certification
At least one of : PMP, IPMA B or PRINCE2 Practitioner  certificates
IT Technical Skills
PM methodology; PMI preferred - Expert
Knowledge of ICT - Expert
MS Office - Advanced
Soft skills
Negotiation skills
Communication skills
Critical thinking
Project thinking
Networking skills
Listening skills
Problem solving
Stakeholders management
Leadership skills
Coaching & mentoring skills
Time & stress management
Languages
German - Upper Intermediate (B2)
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other criteria or requirements
Willing to travel abroad;
Leading larger projects of high complexity (similar to/comparable with B projects, or streams of A projects) min. 5 years;
2 references required;
For TC Units:  ICT background (Networking preferably);  ITIL knowledge; German B2 mandatory
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 2 300 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lucia Gbúrová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5158530
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.11.2025
2025-11-12
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Manager
,
IT Product Manager
,
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 300 EUR/month