Back to open positions
About PwC
Students and graduates
Experienced candidates
Mothers
Benefits
Place of work
PricewaterhouseCoopers Slovakia, Ltd., Twin City Business Centre, Karadžičova, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
By agreement
Wage (gross)
From 4 000 EUR/month
(Based on the candidate's seniority, we are open to discuss salary options individually)
System Architect (m/f)
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join our innovative Managed Data Services team as a
System Architect
and lead the design and delivery of scalable, secure, and efficient data solutions. We are seeking a visionary individual with
.NET expertise
to drive projects spanning from architectural design to production operations, effectively assessing and integrating client requirements.
Key Responsibilities:
Lead technical teams in crafting and implementing pioneering architectures that address complex challenges across diverse environments.
Act as the primary point of contact for architectural decisions, managing client requirements and fostering clear communication between stakeholders and the development team.
Collaborate with stakeholders to gather and analyze project requirements, ensuring alignment with client goals and business objectives.
Ensure on-time delivery of solutions that meet technical and functional requirements.
Proactively identify and mitigate potential technical risks associated with projects.
Share your architectural expertise by mentoring and guiding your team toward success.
Explore and propose new consulting opportunities within our existing customer base to drive further innovation.
Required Skills and Qualifications:
Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field.
Prior experience as a System Architect, with at least 2+ years as a Tech/Engineering Lead and 7+ years as a Developer.
Strong knowledge of programming languages (C# preferred, Python, etc.) and extensive understanding of software architecture, including Dependency Injection and advanced design patterns.
Proficiency in C4 modeling, with hands-on experience using Structurizr, PlantUML, and Mermaid.
Solid understanding of cloud-native data platforms and DevOps methodologies.
Demonstrated leadership and mentorship capabilities, fostering a positive and results-oriented team environment.
A passion for developing complex architectures and making a significant global impact.
Why Join Us?
Be part of a forward-thinking team that leads innovation in technology solutions.
Work on impactful projects that span various domains, including AI and RPA.
Collaborate with industry experts and gain exposure to diverse technologies.
Opportunity to mentor and lead within a supportive and dynamic environment.
Join us at PwC and be a key player in driving technological innovation and excellence in data solutions for our global clients.
PwC is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employee
Employee perks, benefits
Benefits you can enjoy while working at PwC:
Financial Rewards:
Benefit from regular salary reviews, performance bonuses and other special bonuses. Enjoy meal contributions and a cafeteria benefit system offering personalized choices.
Flexibility & Work-Life Balance:
Enjoy our hybrid working policy, flexible working hours, 2 extra days off during Christmas along with Sick-days. Every minute of your extra work is valued and compensated.
Career Development:
Engage in tailored internal and external training programs as well as structured career development plan.
Health & Well-being:
Access premium benefits such as office massages, a Multisport card, and medical center membership. Take advantage of our Well-being and Work-Life Coaching program.
Supportive Culture:
Participate in teambuilding activities and social events and join our employee referral program. Experience a culture with regular feedback and a supportive environment.
Global Opportunities:
Seize the opportunity for international assignments and work on diverse projects with international clients. Explore the world while working with the possibility of working from abroad.
Extra perks:
Use various discounts at partner companies such as cars, health care, beauty, culture or others. Transfer up to 4 telephone numbers at discounted rates.
Information about the selection process
Information about the selection process:
At PwC, we believe in nurturing your career, supporting your health and wellness, and recognizing your dedication. Join our team and experience a workplace that values you beyond your work hours.
If you'd like to apply for this position, please click on the "Apply Now" button on our website and apply through our system.
You can find the data privacy announcement here: https://pwc.to/2s8n2tn
If the current position is not right for you but you have friends or acquaintances in your area who could be interested in working with us, feel free to direct them to us. If we establish cooperation with a candidate recommended by you, you can receive a reward from 300 to 1000 EUR, depending on the seniority of the candidate: https://www.pwc.com/sk/en/careers/get-rewarded-for-recommending-candidate.html
Contact
Contact person: Vanessa Barthová
E-mail:
send CV
Send CV
Back to open positions
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5159351
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.10.2025
2025-10-23
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Architect
,
IT Consultant
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
PwC
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 000 EUR/month