Python Software Engineer
ableneo Slovensko s.r.o.
Place of work
Mýtna 48, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, agreement-based (Temporary jobs), trade licence
Start date
Upon agreement
Wage (gross)
From 27 EUR/hour
From 220€/MD (for contract), from 2600€/gross (for fulltime), final salary depends on experience
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a motivated Python engineer who wants to deepen back-end expertise, contribute to AI-driven projects, and grow into a senior role by working on challenging real-world problems.
We are open to cooperate with both, medior and senior engineers. So if you might feel overqualified for this job description, feel free to apply as well!
Employee perks, benefits
Engaging projects
across diverse industries, offering continuous professional challenges and growth opportunities
Tailor-made learning & development program
, complemented by monthly in-house workshops to boost your skills
Modern, inspiring office environment
with daily perks such as breakfast, fresh fruit, and yoga sessions
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
and
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
What you will bring:
Strong skills in Python back-end development with clean, maintainable code.
Solid understanding of OOP and SOLID principles.
Experience building APIs (FastAPI or similar frameworks).
Working knowledge of relational (SQL) and/or NoSQL databases.
Curiosity and practical experience in prompt engineering and LLM integration.
Nice to have:
Exposure to machine learning and NLP concepts.
Familiarity with vector databases (Elastic, Azure AI Search, etc.).
Hands-on experience with cloud platforms (Azure, AWS, or GCP).
Basic knowledge of Kubernetes and containerized environments.
Interest in DevOps practices and automation.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Ableneo is a technology and transformation partner that bridges business consulting with software engineering to drive meaningful change. With over 80 team members across four global offices and more than 11 years of experience, Ableneo has served over 50 clients, including notable organizations like ŠKODA, KBC Group, and Erste Group.
Our service portfolio includes:
AI & Data Enabling: Assisting clients in adopting AI technologies and implementing chatbot and large language model solutions.
Business Optimization & Efficiency: Offering AI-driven process automation, strategies for future-proofing companies, and workload optimization.
Product Design & Development: Providing competitive benchmarking, custom software development, customer experience and product design, and design systems.
Software Engineering: Delivering services such as Competence as a Service, Software Engineering as a Service, Team as a Service, and technology health checks.
Ableneo caters to both startups and established corporations, aiming to reduce the risk of failed innovation by providing expert teams and individuals to identify, evaluate, and implement impactful changes.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Alexandra Gašparová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5159320
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.10.2025
2025-10-23
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
ableneo Slovensko s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
27 EUR/hour