Our DNA
We offer
Open positions
Premier Customer Care Executive - Polish Speaker
Place of work
Myhive Towers, Vajnorská, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
1 500 EUR/month
Meal Vouchers, Commuting Allowance & Monthly Performance Bonus.
Contract type
full-time, agreement-based (Temporary jobs)
What you'll be doing?
This is a technical role within Lenovo’s Premier Technical Support team. Within this role, you will be delivering best-in-class assistance to Lenovo’s Premier Support customers. Lenovo is a leading name in global technology & communication systems; being a leader in their field. If you’re fluent in Polish & comfortable with communication in English, passionate about customer service and technical support, this might be an opportunity you have been waiting for!
What's your mission?
You will perform complete troubleshooting to fully diagnose reported problems within the client product portfolio (notebooks, desktops & tablets). With the support of a Team leader, you will be looking after the cases end-to-end with top-notch case handling, paying attention to customer communication throughout the whole process. You will learn how to become one of our expert troubleshooters to be able to quickly resolve any hardware or software difficulties.
Day-to-Day Tasks?
Problem-Solving: To assist customers and field engineers by diagnosing problems through full on troubleshooting.
Tech-Issue Resolution: To identify the cause of hardware/software faults, including providing the right solution to fix the issues.
Communication: Handling contacts over various channels including phone, email and chats.
Efficiency: Team up with the Technical Account Management to keep an eye on problems and make sure they get resolved quickly.
Customer Guidance: Be a knowledge expert in your area; able to advise and educate customers regarding technical issues and product information.
Team Collaboration: Share insights about recurring customer issues with the rest of the technical team when it’s relevant.
What skills & experience you'll bring to us?
Language skill: Fluent in English & Polish.
Effective communicator: Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Tech-oriented: Experienced in troubleshooting hardware and software on devices like notebooks, desktops, and tablets. Also to be confident with Windows Operating System and Microsoft Products.
Time efficiency: Capable with tasks prioritizing and managing daily work efficiently.
Outstanding organizational skills: Proactive, eager to learn, and to be focused on finding solutions.
Experience: Previous work in IT services and with field service providers would be a bonus.
Location & Eligibility: Be eligible to work in Slovakia, office based in Bratislava.
What do we offer?
Starting date: As soon as Possible.
Contract Type: Temporary 6 months (Possibility of extension into permanent)
Working schedule: Full-Time (40 hours per week), 5 days per week.
Working hours: Monday - Friday from 9 am to 6 pm.
Highly competitive base salary of €18,000 per annum in addition to:
€6,6/day meal voucher (€132/month).
A commuting allowance of €50 per month (€600 per annum).
Possibility to earn Monthly Incentives based on performance.
5 extra days paid (personal days) per annum in case of emergencies and short-term absence.
Hybrid working model in an outstanding work location and facilities in our brand-new offices in Bratislava
Fully paid training that optimally prepares you for your job - 2 to 3 weeks duration (office-based)
Extra Perks:
Chill-Out Zone
Multisport Card: Stay active with access to various sports facilities.
Employee Assistance Program: Free, confidential support on personal or work-related issues.
Office Snacks & Drinks: Free hot/cold drinks, plus snacks or fruits to keep you going.
Referral Bonus: Refer a friend and get a bonus!
Professional Development: Ongoing training and development and an opportunity for you to cultivate a new and exciting career in a high-growth environment.
Engagement & Inclusion: Join best-in-class employee engagement programs that make you feel valued.
Who we are
CPM International has a global presence in over 30 countries. We offer multilingual support in various languages tailor-made to the needs of our diverse markets. We focus on customer service, sales, and technical support solutions for clients worldwide.
CPM International celebrates diversity! We welcome everyone & embrace unique styles. Our accessible workplace fosters inclusion & empowers you to bring your whole self to work. Join us & contribute to a vibrant & innovative culture!
Contact
Contact person: Matthew Shipman
E-mail:
send CV
Contact us:
+421 2201 109 17
CPMSVKRecruitment@cpm-int.com
Where we are:
Myhive office
Vajnorská 100, Bratislava
Connect with us:
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5159868
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.10.2025
2025-10-21
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Call Operator
,
Customer Support Specialist
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
CPM Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month