Unleash
Your
Power
About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Senior Data Modeler
Apply Now
Date posted:
20.10.2025
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 3 850 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is €3850 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Senior Data Modeler
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our new Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
In this role at our state-of-the-art center, you will have the opportunity to grow your skills and create solutions that will benefit patients around the world. Become the heart of our internal innovation engine.
At Takeda we unite in diversity
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive workplace, where individuals are recognized for the diverse backgrounds and abilities they bring to our company. We are continually improving workplace experience and accessibility for everyone, and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our Team.
The Opportunity
As a Senior Data Modeler, you will work with a multidisciplinary Agile team to design and maintain high-quality data models supporting robust data pipelines and analytics. Your focus will be on integrating and managing these models to drive insights and facilitate data-driven decision-making. You will solve complex problems, analyze diverse data, and collaborate with senior professionals. With a strong understanding of industry practices, you will influence organizational objectives, work independently with general direction, lead small project teams, and represent the organization in key matters. Additionally, you may help train junior staff.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•	Design, develop, optimize, and maintain scalable data models that align with ETL principles and business objectives
•	Define data modeling requirements, gather and analyze large-scale structured and unstructured data, and validate models using various data tools in the Big Data Environment
•	Support Data Scientists by preparing and structuring data models to facilitate data visualization and synthesis of commercial insights
•	Lead the evaluation, implementation, and deployment of emerging modeling tools and processes to enhance analytic data engineering productivity
•	Develop and deliver communication and education plans on data modeling capabilities, standards, and processes
•	Partner with business analysts and solutions architects to develop technical data architectures for strategic enterprise projects and initiatives
•	Mentor and coach other data and analytic professionals on data modeling standards and best practices
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to our Benefits page (button above).
• Cafeteria
• Medical - High standard medical care
• Bridge days
• Summer Hours
• Multisport Card
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Essential Experience Requirements:
•	Minimum 5 years of experience in designing and maintaining scalable data models for complex data systems
•	Fluency in English
•	minimum Bachelor's degree in relevant filed
•	Proficient in SQL and other data manipulation languages, with strong skills in query optimization and troubleshooting
•	Experienced in software development methodologies, contributing to both project and operational goals
•	Knowledgeable in data structures and algorithms to enhance data processing and storage solutions
•	Familiar with distributed data technologies like Spark and Hadoop for managing large-scale data operations
•	Efficient in system integration to ensure seamless data flow and connectivity across platforms
•	Proficient in programming languages such as Python or Scala or Java for data engineering tasks
•	Experienced in SQL database management, performance tuning, and complex query handling
•	Capable of advanced troubleshooting and guiding others through complex problem-solving processes
•	Advanced in PL/SQL and MongoDB, providing expert guidance on complex database programming and optimization
Nice to have requirements
•	Skilled in DevOps practices and continuous integration to streamline data modeling workflows
•	Skilled in cloud platform deployment and tools like Kubernetes to optimize cloud-based data solutions
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5160255
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.10.2025
2025-10-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Database Administrator
,
Python Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 850 EUR/month