Join Brightpick – Where Real-World AI and Robotics Comes to Life
At Brightpick, we build intelligent robots that solve complex logistics challenges using advanced AI, computer vision, and autonomous mobility. Our flagship robot, the Brightpick Autopicker, is truly unique: a robotic platform in place of feet, a robotic arm instead of a hand, a 3D scanner for vision, and AI algorithms as its brain — all seamlessly integrated to enable autonomous movement and intelligent decision-making.
Why Brightpick?
Fully in-house tech: from hardware to AI & algorithms. Also design and manufacturing!
Rapid rollout and proven results in the EU and US
A place where you can thrive and accelerate your career growth
Headquartered in Bratislava, but delivering our solutions all around the world, we’re a tight-knit team of 200+ engineers, builders, and problem-solvers. We move fast, think bold, build technology that matters.
Pridaj sa k Brightpick - Kde ožívajú robotické aplikácie spolu s AI
V Brightpicku vytvárame inteligentné roboty, ktoré riešia komplexné logistické výzvy pomocou pokročilej umelej inteligencie, počítačového videnia a autonómnej mobility. Náš vlajkový robot, Brightpick Autopicker, je skutočne jedinečný. Robotická platforma namiesto nôh, robotické rameno namiesto ruky, 3D skener ako oči a AI algoritmy ako rozum. Všetko dokonale integrované pre autonómny pohyb a inteligentné rozhodovanie.
Prečo Brightpick?
Naše vlastné technológie: od hardvéru až po AI a algoritmy. A tiež samotné dizajnovanie a výroba robotov!
Rýchla implementácia a preukázateľné výsledky v EÚ a USA
Miesto, kde môžeš napredovať a urýchliť svoj kariérny rast
Naše sídlo je v Bratislave, no naše riešenia dodávame po celom svete. Sme zohratý tím viac ako 200 inžinierov, vývojárov a riešiteľov problémov. Vďaka nášmu nasadeniu a práci, ktorá nás napĺňa, budujeme technológie, na ktorých záleží.
Technical Leader - Robotics Solution Engineer
Miesto práce
Plynárenská 4937/6, Ružinov
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
1 700 EUR/mesiac
and more based on your experience
Informácie o pracovnom mieste
Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednosti
We are seeking a highly skilled and motivated Technical leader to join our Robotic Solution Engineering Team. In this role, you will be responsible for creation, optimization and simulation of solutions that define mobile robot paths in warehouse automation. This also includes collaboration with Sales engineers, Operation and Product team to align customer requirements. You will participate in onsite commissioning of new projects at customer sites, this will include cooperation of other teams to ensure that robots are correctly configured and integrated with the warehouse management system.
Location
Bratislava
Type of employment
Full-time
Salary (brutto)
From 1700€/month based on seniority and experience
Core responsibilities:
Technical Leadership:
Drive initiatives, guide the team through complex technical challenges, and collaborate with development and product teams to improve processes.
Solution Creation & Optimization:
Design, develop, and optimize solutions for mobile robots in production/test environments using software tools, create and optimize solutions for simulation and performance purposes.
Robot Deployment & Commissioning:
Oversee deployments, ensure correct configuration and integration with warehouse systems, and perform onsite commissioning at customer premises in Europe and North America, including testing, and adjustments.
Technical Support & Troubleshooting:
Provide support, troubleshoot complex issues, and design optimized solutions with sales, project, and support teams.
Continuous Improvement:
Collect feedback from operations to identify and implement improvements in robot performance and efficiency.
Safety & Compliance:
Ensure deployments meet safety standards and perform risk assessments to protect personnel and equipment.
Training & Development:
Participate in training and assist in onboarding and coaching L1 support team members.
Documentation & Reporting:
Maintain technical documentation, knowledge base articles, and record support interactions in CRM systems.
Requirements:
Strong technical background
Ability to diagnose and resolve technical problems efficiently, applying logical thinking and attention to detail
Proven ability to work effectively with colleagues from various departments, including L1, L3, product teams, R&D, and service technicians
Plan and coordinate with internal teams during the deployment of new system updates to ensure smooth implementation
Ability to provide feedback and suggest improvements
Respect project deadlines
Willingness to travel to customer sites
Strong interpersonal skills for working collaboratively with cross-functional teams and customers
Nice to know CMR systems (e.g. Jira, Google Workspace) for documenting and tracking cases, Git, python
Fluent in Slovak and English
Active driving license
Benefits:
Daily breakfast in the office
Option of working from home/hybrid work (in case the position allows it)
Flexible work schedule (in case the position allows it)
Sick days
Parking for everyone, bike storage with showers and changing rooms on site at our HQ
Rooftop terrace with nice view of Bratislava
Dog friendly office
Multisport Card
Referral program
Additional benefits you can choose from after 1st year:
Multisport Card (with company contribution)
Contribution to a recreation stay
Year-round healthcare access at ProCare
Supplementary pension contribution (III pilier)
Brain boost - budget for professional development
Annual public transportation pass
E-Shop voucher to buy anything you might need
Požiadavky na zamestnanca
Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelaním
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Pokročilý (C1)
a
Slovenský jazyk - Expert (C2)
Inzerujúca spoločnosť
Stručná charakteristika spoločnosti
The journey of our company started in 2013 when 4 friends came up with the idea to provide eyes for robots worldwide so that they could see and understand it. This idea led to a series of patents and awards. Shortly thereafter, the four-man company grew into a 220+ people technological sanctuary for machine vision and smart automation enthusiasts & innovators.
The company has offices in the USA, China, and Slovakia, from where we deliver machine vision technology and robotic intelligence software to almost every country in the world. Today, Photoneo technology helps companies improve the performance and efficiency of countless applications in manufacturing, fulfillment, and assembly, including bin picking and pick & place tasks, robot guidance, machine tending, inspection & quality control, or 3D model creation.
In 2021 Photoneo launched its new Business Unit BRIGHTPICK, the first fully automated fulfillment solution for warehouses and grocers and added to its broad competences and industries served. Being a part of Photoneo means being a part of a team that continuously pushes the boundaries further and creates space for solutions of the future. Join us!
Address
Brightpick s. r. o.
Plynárenská 6
84105 Bratislava
Počet zamestnancov
200-249 zamestnancov
Kontakt
Kontaktná osoba: Magdaléna Jelínková
E-mail:
poslať životopis
<<< Späť na zoznam ponúk
Na to, aby ste reagovali na túto ponuku,
nepotrebujete životopis
. Stačí len, keď vyplníte formulár.
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5160464
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.10.2025
2025-10-19
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Inžinier simulácií
,
IT projektový manažér
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Procesný inžinier
,
Technický pracovník
Spoločnosť:
Brightpick s. r. o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 700 EUR/mesiac