Senior Quality/Test Analyst
MetLife Europe d.a.c., pobočka poisťovne z iného členského štátu
Place of work
Eurovea, Pribinova, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
The gross monthly salary starts from 2 200 €. 
The final offer will depends on the candidate’s experience and will be discussed during the selection process.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join our newly emerging QA department and become keystone in our Quality Assurance capability.
For our new ambitious project we are looking for self sufficient individual who will focus on test-related endeavours.
You will participate on highly anticipated project, which's goal is to replace company legacy technical stack, as well as ensuring business continuity on current systems.
Ideal candidate will leverage automation frameworks, risk-based testing approaches, and the best practices to optimize our testing efficiency and elevate competency level across the company.
Key Responsibilities
Collaborate with business stakeholders, product owners, and development teams to align testing efforts with business objectives.
Define and maintain test plans, test cases, test scripts, and testing documentation.
Perform impact analysis to identify areas requiring regression testing due to system enhancements or changes.
Investigate, document, and track defects to resolution, working closely with development teams to enhance product quality.
Support User Acceptance Testing (UAT) by coordinating with business users, gathering feedback, and ensuring alignment with requirements.
Monitor and report test execution progress, key quality metrics, and risks to leadership.
Participate in test automation efforts.
Employee perks, benefits
WHAT WE OFFER:
A career in a global company recognized in the insurance market, with modern offices located in OC Eurovea
Competitive salary package that reflects your experience and the value you bring
Flexible working arrangements, including the option to work from home
Recognition of career and life milestones – we celebrate your journey with us
30 days off per year
Free life insurance and preferential conditions for family members
Support for retirement savings – because your future matters
Language, professional, and personal development opportunities offered directly at the workplace
Cafeteria benefit system
Multisport card
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
​
Required skills
​
WHAT IS MUST
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Business, or a related field.
2+ years of proven experience in software testing, including regression testing, and test management.
Strong experience with test management tools (e.g., JIRA, TestRail, HP ALM).
Advanced knowledge of SQL for test data validation and backend testing.
Advanced knowledge of Integration testing tools (e.g.,SoapUI, Postman, REST Assured, Bruno etc...)
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to influence stakeholders.
Fluent English language
Fluent Czech OR Slovak language
Willingness to learn.
WHAT IS NICE TO HAVE
Expertise in test automation tools (e.g., Selenium, Cypress, Playwright) and scripting languages (e.g., Python, Java, JavaScript).
Experience working in Agile environments with CI/CD integration.
Exposure to cloud-based testing environments (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud).
ISTQB or other relevant testing certifications.
Knowledge of the insurance sector.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Poisťovňa MetLife, úspešne pôsobí na slovenskom poistnom trhu už od roku 1995. Poisťovňa ponúka široké spektrum produktov životného a úrazového poistenia a tradične sa prezentuje stabilnými hospodárskymi výsledkami. MetLife Inc. je globálnym lídrom v poskytovaní poistenia, dôchodkového zabezpečenia a poistných produktov pre zamestnancov. Svoje služby poskytuje 90 miliónom klientov vo viac ako 60 krajinách sveta a má vedúce postavenie v Japonsku, Latinskej Amerike, Ázii, Európe a na Strednom východe.
V MetLife podporujeme rovnaké príležitosti so zámerom prilákať, udržať a maximalizovať výkon rozmanitej a inkluzívnej pracovnej sily. Politikou spoločnosti MetLife je zabezpečiť rovnaké pracovné príležitosti bez diskriminácie alebo obťažovania na základe rasy, farby pleti, náboženstva, pohlavia (vrátane tehotenstva alebo s ním súvisiacich zdravotných problémov), sexuálnej orientácie, rodovej identity alebo prejavu, veku, zdravotného postihnutia, národnosti, manželského alebo civilného partnerstva, genetických informácii, občianstva alebo akejkoľvek inej charakteristiky podľa práva. Snažíme sa hľadať tých najlepších kandidátov na všetky pozície a rozmanitá škála uchádzačov rozšíri rad našich zamestnancov tak, aby sme to dosiahli.
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Oddelenie ľudských zdrojov
Tel.:
+421918693903
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5160936
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.10.2025
2025-10-17
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
,
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
MetLife Europe d.a.c., pobočka poisťovne z iného členského štátu
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month