Software Developer
Danfoss Power Solutions a.s.
Place of work
Považská Bystrica
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP or upon agreement
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
from 2 200 €; final salary offer can be higher, depending on relevant experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As our Software Developer, you’ll play a key role in engineering innovative solutions that advance the world's infrastructure.
Your impact? Creating and maintaining the software that drives innovation, efficiency, and sustainability in mobile hydraulics.
You’ll collaborate with embedded developers and take ownership of software development, helping us move toward a more innovative and sustainable future.
What You’ll Be Doing:
Design, develop, and modify firmware software used in various products
Collaborate with customer during product development as well as during maintenance
Support failure analyses when new device are rolled out to production
Continuously learn and share knowledge to enhance how we serve customers
Employee perks, benefits
At Danfoss we truly value every employee and know that the success of our company is built on people. We want you to feel safe, have opportunities to grow, and be rewarded fairly for your work. That’s why we offer a rich package of benefits that combines financial rewards, security, comfort, and enjoyable moments beyond work:
Regular annual salary      increase,
Annual bonus depending      on the company’s financial results,
Life insurance with      18-month coverage,
Contribution to the 3rd      pension pillar (DDS) of 3% of the assessment base,
2 extra vacation days      and additional leave for important life events such as weddings or the      birth of a child,
7.5-hour working time,
Possibility of occasional work from home /      teleworking,
Lunch in the company      canteen for only €1.45,
Free company bus      transport to the workplace in Považská Bystrica from Nová Dubnica, Dubnica      nad Váhom, Prejta, Klobušice, Ilava, Bytča, Mikšová, Podvažie,      Šebešťanová, Považské Podhradie, and within Považská Bystrica,
Language courses,      training, paid study leave for further education,
Social assistance during      long-term sick leave,
Discount vouchers for      massages for your comfort and relaxation, company events and trips, rental      of swimming pool, ice rink, and tennis court,
Severance pay and      retirement allowance beyond the requirements of the Labor Code,
Laptop      and necessary IT equipment.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Intermediate (B1)
Personality requirements and skills
At least bachelor’s degree in computer science or computer engineering
Several years of experience in embedded C development
Experience with memory architectures and embedded bus protocols SPI/I2C/CAN etc.
Familiarity with hardware debug tools such as bus/protocol analyzers, oscilloscopes, multi-meters, etc.
Basic English communication skills (written and verbal) for internal communication and documentation.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Danfoss Power Solutions v Považskej Bystrici je popredným svetovým výrobcom hydraulických komponentov a systémov pre mobilné pracovné stroje a industriálnu hydrauliku.
Do nášho výrobného sortimentu patria axiálne piestové hydrogenerátory a hydromotory, súčiastky pre hydraulické prevodníky, proporcionálne ventily a súčiastky pre proporcionálne ventily a hydraulické hadicové komplety.
V Dubnici nad Váhom sa venujeme montáži a expedícii hydraulických hadíc a hadicových konektorov.
Danfoss Climate Solutions je samostatným biznis segmentom v rámci rodiny Danfoss a zaoberá sa riešeniami v oblasti vykurovania a chladenia. Danfoss Climate Solution HydronicS so sídlom v Zlatých Moravciach ponúka predaj riešení, ktoré sú zamerané na zvýšenie komfortu, zníženie spotreby energie a emisií CO₂, ako aj na zlepšenie výkonnosti rôznych vykurovacích systémov – od rodinných domov až po veľké komerčné a priemyselné objekty.
V prevádzke v Zlatých Moravciach sa tiež zaoberáme výrobou mechanických termostatov do chladiacich zariadení. Termostaty sú určené pre chladničky, mrazničky a malé komerčné chladiace zariadenia.
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Zuzana Božíková
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5160183
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.11.2025
2025-11-07
lokalita:
Považská Bystrica
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Danfoss Power Solutions a.s.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month