Service Alignment Strategist
Place of work
Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 2 500 EUR/month
From 2500 + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join us in pioneering breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably.
Our inspiring and caring environment forms a global community that celebrates diversity and individuality. We encourage you to step beyond your comfort zone, offering resources and flexibility to foster your professional and personal growth, all while valuing your unique contributions.
The Service Alignment Strategist
assists in the development of ITSM Strategy, aligned to the outcomes defined in the overall IT Strategy.
Defines and maintains governance guidelines and structure for the IT within the ITSM processes and service configurations
Provides input into the service portfolio management process in terms of strategic IT goals and directives
Provides input and direction for organizational development by promoting adoption ITSM processes and tools
Performs data analysis, reporting, and presentations, providing insight into actionable recommendations for both IT and business stakeholders
Ensures that appropriate methods, tools and processes are adopted and used effectively throughout the organization
Main Duties
Collaborate and align the ITSM Operating and delivery models
Service design, onboarding and configuration support
Definition of ITSM standards - good knowledge of ITIL 3, ITIL 4
Take a hands-on role in data analysis, reporting, and preparation of presentations, providing actionable insights to support decision-making across business and IT stakeholders.
Work with ServiceNow ITSM modules, CMDB, workflows, service mapping to configure, maintain, and improve processes.
Lead and contribute to adoption of ITSM methodologies, tools, and best practices, ensuring consistency, scalability, and value across all user groups.
Contribute to the continual improvement of ITSM processes and service improvements.
Skills
Proven hands-on experience with IT Service Management (ITSM) frameworks and processes.
Knowledge of ITIL 3 and ITIL 4 ITSM standards
Good knowledge of ServiceNow Common Service Data Model (CSDM) and of CMDB (Configuration Management Database) management
Service design Knowledge
Good ServiceNow knowledge of CSDM and CMDB. Experience in requirements gathering, documentation and supporting testing activities to ensure solutions meet business expectations
Demonstrated ability to analyze complex datasets, translate insights into business value, and present findings effectively to both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Contributing to digital transformation initiatives, including identifying opportunities, scoping solutions, and driving execution
Strong communication, stakeholder management, and problem-solving skills
Ability to work independently while collaborating effectively across cross-functional teams
English – Proficiency Level C1
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards:
starting from 2500 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably.
Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of telework and work from office
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Counseling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5161656
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.10.2025
2025-10-20
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month