Software Developer for product VELOCITY
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 1 700 EUR/month
From 1700 + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
The Velocity™ platform unifies patient imaging and treatment information acquired from different systems, at different times, and in different positions, to provide a comprehensive view of the patient’s clinical history. Providing this complete picture can optimize clinical efficiency across entire oncology department and improve every step of the clinical care workflow.
To find out more about the project, have a look at:
https://www.varian.com/products/software/information-systems/velocity
We are seeking a passionate, experienced, hands-on software developer to participate on definition and guiding the technical direction of our state-of-the-art medical imaging software and its interaction with the rest of our systems.
You will be part of the team that will take over product knowledge from existing team and continuously innovate its functionality as well as architecture. This involves close cooperation with existing team located in USA.
Your tasks and responsibilities:
Participation on technical decisions based on a clear focus on meeting business needs and meeting all relevant requirements: clinical and service, functional and non-functional
Participation on the definition of project scope and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders and ensuring technical feasibility
Collaboration with different stakeholders and develop the software according to prioritized product backlog
Design and implementation of high quality software with good test coverage
Participation and contribution in code reviews
Guide, coach and motivate other developers over the entire lifetime of a project to enable, support, and enforce all technical aspects.
Work with documentation platforms to create, collaborate on, and manage medical device product documents (i.e. design, UML diagrams, class diagrams, requirement specification, etc.)
Achievement of traceability for quality system requirements on software as a medical device
Your qualifications and experience:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering or related technical discipline
2+ years’ experience building successful software systems
Experience with object-oriented languages & frameworks (C++) and Microsoft/Web technology stacks
Development experience with systems-oriented and distributed software platforms
Fluent in written and spoken English
Clear understanding of processes within Product Lifecycle Management and hands-on experience with LEAN and Agile software development
Good knowledge about agile software development methodologies e.g., TDD
Strong analytical skills, logical thinking and attention to detail
Good time management, ability to organize and prioritize project tasks
Customer and goal orientation, proactivity
Ability to approach problems from different perspectives, creativity
Your engagement in international and intercultural project teams in globally distributed environment
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards:
starting from 1700 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Hybrid type of work – combination of telework and work from office
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
200 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5161424
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.10.2025
2025-10-20
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 700 EUR/month