O nás
Voľné pozície
Benefity
EN
SK
Staň sa súčasťou tímu vizionárov
Vytvárajme spolu budúcnosť kybernetickej bezpečnosti
späť na voľné pracovné miesta
Senior Developer/Team Lead
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 3 500 EUR/month
*Basic wage component (brutto): from 3500 EUR/m. (brutto)
* The final basic wage component can be increased accordingly to individual skills and experience of the selected candidate. * Performance bonus 2 times per year up to 10% of the basic salary paid for the evaluation period(usually 6 months).
Contract type
full-time
We are looking for a new colleague who will work on a project broadly used by our partners and customers worldwide. The web application is based on ASP.NET Core, React and MS Azure Cloud technologies Besides of activities as programmer we expect to lead the small team of backend and fullstack developers. Bellow you can find more info.
​
Responsibilities as programmer:
Collaborating with the team on designing, implementing, and maintaining new features and services
Working with the team to improve DevOps concepts used in the project - continuous integration and delivery, infrastructure as a code and cloud concept (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS, FaaS)
Participating in all parts of the high-performing agile team ceremonies like daily stand-ups, planning meetings, reviews, and retrospectives
Discussing possible changes and optimizations to cloud architecture of the project utilizing cutting-edge cloud concepts and cloud components
Ensuring the code quality by working closely with our QA team and by creating automated tests
Responsibilites as a Team Lead:
Lead, mentor, and support team members in their professional growth
Delegate and manage tasks within the team
Conduct regular one-on-one meetings and performance reviews, set up the goals and evaluate them after dedicated period
Monitor progress to ensure timely delivery and adjust plans as needed
Act as the main point of contact between the development team and other departments
What do we expect :
5+ years of programming skills in C#, .NET Core, ASP.NET Core
Previous experience in a leadership or senior developer role is strongly preferred. We can also consider candidate who has potential to be Team Leader.
Ability to mentor other developers and support team development
Ability to understand complex topics and structures
Experience with SQL and MS SQL
Cloud Knowledge – preferably Azure (KeyVault, CosmosDB, Functions, AppService, Storage, Service Bus, …)
B2 English – written and spoken
Nice to have:
Knowledge of tools such as webpack, redux, and flux
Experience with CI/CD
Experience with DevOps
Experience with an agile methodology
Achieved Microsoft certifications for developers
Kontaktná osoba
Jakub Kunik
Poslať životopis
BENEFITY PRE TEBA
Flexibilita
Firemné podujatia
Benefity pre celú rodinu
Šport a zdravie Wellbeing
A ešte viac…
O ESETe
Spoločnosť ESET je globálnym lídrom v oblasti digitálnej bezpečnosti a je jedným z najväčších dodávateľov bezpečnostných riešení v Európskej únii. Zároveň je najväčšou a najoceňovanejšou IT firmou na Slovensku.
Už viac ako 30 rokov vyvíjame popredný softvér a služby zamerané na IT bezpečnosť a ochranu podnikov, kritickej infraštruktúry a domácností z celého sveta
Okrem vytvárania bezpečnostných riešení pre zákazníkov je našim cieľom aj aktívne prispievať k inovatívnej a zodpovednej spoločnosti v oblasti
vzdelávania
,
vedy
a
výskumu
.
V ESETe sú diverzita, rovnosť a inklúzia (DEI) neoddeliteľnou súčasťou firemnej kultúry. Sme hrdým signatárom a ambasádorom
Charty diverzity
. Snažíme sa vytvárať pracovné
prostredie
, kde sa každý cíti cenený a rešpektovaný. S otvorenosťou vítame záujem jednotlivcov zo všetkých prostredí -  vrátane rasy, pohlavia, veku, náboženstva, zdravotného znevýhodnenia, či sexuálnej orientácie.
Viac sa o nás dozviete na
našej stránke
.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5163107
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.10.2025
2025-10-27
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
,
C# Programmer
,
IT Manager
,
Programmer
,
Team leader
Spoločnosť:
ESET, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month