We harness the power of tech to increase sustainability.
How do you want to use technology?
IT Business Analyst (Bratislava or Košice office)
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
POSITION
DESCRIPTION
Join Accenture as an IT Business Analyst! We’re seeking a collaborative problem-solver to bridge business and technical teams, drive user-focused solutions, and shape seamless system integration projects. Your expertise in usability design will be key to creating impactful, user-friendly experiences for our clients. We are excited to see how your contributions will make a difference to our projects!
WHAT WILL
YOU DO
Collaborate with clients to gather, analyze, and prioritize business requirements, ensuring alignment with project objectives.
Document functional and technical requirements to guide development teams effectively.
Configure and parameterize systems to address specific business needs.
Serve as the main contact for business process clarification throughout the project lifecycle.
Facilitate clear communication between clients, developers, testers, and other stakeholders.
Lead and participate in user acceptance testing (UAT) to validate solutions and ensure they meet client expectations.
Conduct user research and usability testing to gather insights and inform design decisions.
Create and iterate on wireframes, prototypes, and high-fidelity designs to deliver impactful user experiences aligned with business goals.
WHAT WE
EXPECT
Bachelor University degree preferably in Technology area
2 – 5 years of experience as a Business Analyst in software delivery or integration environments
Advanced English language (B2+) and native Slovak language (C2)
Advanced proficiency in Usability Design and Web Standards
Hands-on experience with MS Office Suite
Experience with requirements elicitation & analysis
Experience with drafting and reviewing technical design documentation
Experience with functional design and business process modeling
Ability to simplify complex concepts for both technical and business audiences
Self-driven, assertive, reliable, and punctual
Willingness to travel if necessary
Bonus Points If You Have:
Advanced German language skills (B2+)
Experience with Java
Experience as an Enterprise Architect
WHAT WE
OFFER
Salary
2 000 EUR/month
Accenture offers a competitive compensation package. As required by the Slovak law we state that the legal monthly minimum gross base pay starting from 2 000 € depending on your professional and personal qualifications in the required areas.
Flexibility:
Flexible working arrangements (time & place of work)
Recognition:
Guaranteed paid overtime or overtime vacation
Flexible Benefit System - budget to be spent on services of your choice
Competitive bonus structure
Refer-a-Friend – get a bonus in the employee referral program
Loyalty rewards
Future:
Wide range of trainings and expert lectures
Regular performance review and career growth possibilities
Ongoing career guidance and mentoring (Global Mentoring Program, Lean In)
Employee share purchase plan
Family & Health:
3 extra days off
Sick leave salary compensation (up to 100%)
Home-office equipment
Family oriented benefits (Wedding, Parental and Baby days-off and bonuses)
Employee assistance services (professional psychological, financial and legal help)
Multisport card
Contribution to special vision correction appliances
Life and disability group insurance
Sport vouchers for children’s sport activities and children camps
Interested?
Apply for this job
Similar career opportunities at Accenture
Sorry, we don't have any similar work positions for you at the moment.
Show all jobs
© 2020 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5164988
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.10.2025
2025-10-24
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Consultant
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
Accenture, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month