Unleash
Your
Power
About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Sr. Platform Owner Network LAN-WAN-Security
Apply Now
Date posted:
21.11.2025
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 3 800 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is €3800 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Sr. Platform Owner Network LAN-WAN-Security
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our new Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
In this role at our state-of-the-art center, you will have the opportunity to grow your skills and create solutions that will benefit patients around the world. Become the heart of our internal innovation engine.
At Takeda we unite in diversity
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive workplace, where individuals are recognized for the diverse backgrounds and abilities they bring to our company. We are continually improving workplace experience and accessibility for everyone, and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our Team.
The Opportunity
Within our Global Network Platform team, we are looking for an experienced Sr. Platform Owner – Network LAN/WAN/Security. This is a Network LAN/WAN/Security Engineer role responsible for daily management of our data network infrastructure deployed globally within the Takeda enterprise. Requires an understanding of internal and external customer needs and helping them select, configure, install, manage, and maintain technology platforms that enable these customers to achieve their goals.
Responsibilities
•	Ability to act independently and drive roadmap items and prioritization of work including efforts related to standards, blueprinting, and development of reference architectures.
•	Primarily responsible for planning, designing and implementing network solutions for LAN, WAN, SDWAN, Backbone, Wireless, and Network Security technologies and integrating them into Takeda's overall network architecture and design.
•	Broad Network Engineering and Architecture experience with significant awareness of large scale (150+ sites) LAN/WAN, SDWAN, WiFi, Load Balancer, Infoblox, Network Security, Advanced BGP, Overlays, Cloud Networking and SASE/Zero Trust architectures
•	Breath of knowledge across the technical domains of architecture (applications, integration, data, compute, storage, networking & security etc..).
•	Provides subject matter expertise, technical analysis, and consultation on the design and implementation of all network services and network technologies.
•	This position is responsible for designing, testing, implementing and hands-on supporting the network infrastructure.
•	This position provides consultation and direct technical support in life cycle planning, problem management, after hours on call incidents, and operational / project support as needed.
•	Strong understanding of end-to-end application performance monitoring toolset such as LiveNX, Aternity, Thousand Eyes and SolarWinds. May be asked to enhance or modify monitoring dashboards to provide proactive monitoring and alerting capabilities for application delivery experience
•	Is recognized within IT and Takeda as a Sr Engineer / SME for Design, Development, and Enablement specific to the global LAN/WAN/Security Network infrastructure, a role which cuts across business and technology domains.
•	Helps define the technology platform designs, standards, guidelines, contributes to strategy and roadmap planning, and drives medium to large scale implementation projects.
•	Fosters the adoption of applicable platform policies, standards, guidelines and reference / enablement materials by working closely with Network Operations, Solution Delivery, other platform teams and key stakeholders.
•	Appropriate level of business acumen preferably in pharmaceutical industry, primarily in terms of R&D / Clinical Trials and Commercial considerations in the pharmaceutical industry
•	Ability to bridge old design patterns with paradigm shifting architecture patterns in a way that covers all technical domains
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to our Benefits page (button above).
• Cafeteria
• Medical - High standard medical care
• Bridge days
• Summer Hours
• Multisport Card
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
•	Bachelor's degree plus CCNP/NSE-7/PCNSE Certification or equivalent experience.
•	5 + years of experience spanning multiple Network disciplines, including technical architecture, network management and operations.
•	Experiencing multi-tier architecture design with an understanding of Cloud Network Architecture providers such as AWS, Azure or GCP.
•	Experience in preparing and reviewing HLD/ LLD documentation for Network Designs
•	In depth knowledge and practical experience in configuring and supporting network equipment, including routers, switches, SDWAN devices, SASE/ZTNA, Wireless, Cloud, Backbone and Campus circuits, and firewalls, with expertise in Cisco/Palo Alto/Fortinet and ZScaler technologies.
•	Experience in managing medium to large transformation projects, including network infrastructure upgrades and migrations is must
•	Decision making proficiency considering factors and trade-offs such as resiliency, scalability, performance, security, and cost effectiveness.
•	Advanced experience in configuring and supporting network routing protocols, i.e. BGP, OSPF, MPLS, Application Aware Routing etc.
•	Experience in design and configuration of distributed Palo Alto Firewalls and Panorama troubleshooting.
•	Should have networking experience managing complex, large scale Network infrastructures in accordance with ITSM standards and best practices.
•	Experience in solutions architecture or engineering, with focus on designing and implementing robust and scalable network solutions
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5166211
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.11.2025
2025-11-21
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
,
Switching Network Development Specialist
,
Telecommunications Network Designer
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 800 EUR/month