Project manager for Digital Process World program (DPW)
VAILLANT GROUP Heat Pump Production s.r.o.
Place of work
Senica
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
• Final salary will be depend on experience and candidate knowledge. 
• Annual performance bonus of up to 2 monthly salaries.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
•	As a Junior PMO DPW you will carrying out all relevant PMO activities, such as status reports.
•	You will participate in consolidation and coordination of all necessary status reports and financial key figures of the project.
•	Your responsibility will be also ensuring professional project controlling.
•	You act as contact person for Supporting all relevant stakeholders with project know-how related to the DPW project.
•	You will provide definition and provision of documents for specific meetings such as the Portfolio Board and Steering Committees.
Employee perks, benefits
•	We offer employment in a long-term international company that is a leader in heating technology and is committed to comprehensive environmental protection as part of the corporate vision "We care for a better climate".
•	We create an inspiring working environment where employees feel motivated and engaged through various activities for employees and our inherent traditions with a gift during the most famous holidays of the year etc.
•	We care about the professional and personal development of our employees, that´s why we offer quality training tailored to your individual needs.
•	We support our employees during important life events such as marriage or the birth of a child, as well as on their life anniversaries.
•	We contribute to our employees' supplementary pension savings.
•	We provide discount on the purchase of VG product.
•	We will reward you if you recommend your future colleague.
•	We offer the possibility of working from home and provide complete IT equipment (PC and mobile phone, possibility to order a desk and chair to set up a home office).
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Personality requirements and skills
•	Qualifications: Successfully completed university studies (Bachelor's degree), e.g. in project management or technical fields.
•	Know-how & Tools: You can draw on several years of professional experience in working with multi-national teams, ideally working with SAP and Salesforce systems, planIT, MS Office and Confluence/Jira project controlling software.
•	Personality: A high level of team spirit, strong coordination skills and effective prioritization as well as decisiveness and implementation strength make you unique. In addition, you are open to change and have a high affinity for software / IT topics, ideally process management.
•	Languages: Your confident English skills (verbal & written) mean that nothing stands in the way of group-wide communication.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Skupina Vaillant Group je synonymom vykurovania a prípravy teplej vody, pričom hlavný dôraz kladie na kvalitu, spoľahlivosť a užívateľský komfort. Jej produkty tepelnej techniky sú zastúpené vo viac ako 100 krajinách sveta. Združuje značky Vaillant, Saunier Duval, AWB, Bulex, DemirDöküm, Glow worm, Hermann Saunier Duval a Protherm. Každá z týchto značiek má s výrobou vykurovacích zariadení bohaté skúsenosti, pretože väčšina z nich je v danom segmente viac ako 80 rokov.
Contact
Contact person: Martina Mlčúch
Tel.:
+421905698966
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
jobs.vaillant-group.com
Zdieľajte túto prácu:
Working at Vaillant Group.
Taking care of a better climate.
Both count, both are us.
We take care of a better climate. In every home and our environment. As a successful family business, we have been living up to this claim for over 150 years. We are one of the world's leading providers of heat pumps, digital services and efficient gas heating appliances and offer energy-saving solutions.
You will find sustainability everywhere at the Vaillant Group. In the office, at the production sites and on the road. Around 16,000 employees from over 70 countries are committed to this every day. As an international team, we take responsibility - for our future and that of our planet. We promote your personal development so that you can act with passion and together we can ensure a better climate.
Become part of the Vaillant Group and help us shape the future of heating!
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5166585
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.11.2025
2025-11-05
lokalita:
Senica
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
,
IT Project Manager
,
Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
VAILLANT GROUP Heat Pump Production s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month