About us
Open positions
Benefits
Contact
Scrum Master
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary *
From 2 500 EUR/month
Contract type
full-time
* Of course, an overpayment is possible depending on the respective training, qualification and professional experience. The gross salary is based on these aforementioned criteria and is finally determined after the personal interview.
Henkel operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in two exciting business areas: Consumer Brands (Laundry & Home Care and Beauty Care) and Adhesive Technologies. Our success is built on constant innovation and people who strive for excellence. Working at Henkel is much more than just a job. It's a passion. Have you got what it takes?
Your role
Join a great agile team in the area of IT solutions for data and analytics, where you manage agile mindset and frameworks like Scrum, SAFe and Design Thinking and develop the team in self-organization.
Establish agile mindset, best practices, and tooling across multiple product teams
Become an Azure DevOps wizard, who knows how to support the team best by setting standards, which promote the team´s joint understanding of product goal and user stories in the next sprint
Support the team and visualize the appropriate reporting of progress for the team towards sprint goals
Serve as the servant leader to the team and the stakeholders, also when it comes to aligning people, process, and tools while resolving roadblocks and issues that occur
Help and share your knowledge with the product owner and development team to achieve customer satisfaction
Foster an energetic, collaborative, and motivated team culture where the team can focus on their product goals, improving the value of their increment, while Scrum skills support their collaboration
Your skills
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience with minimum 5 years of successful professional experience in IT project management, ideally as a scrum master and/or agile project manager
Wider base of education in Agile frameworks and practices, e.g. Scrum, SAFe, Kanban, BizDevOps
Outstanding communication and facilitation skills and enjoy working in intercultural business context
Ability to embrace change and drive execution of change processes and IT projects
Working knowledge of specifically AzureDevOps, virtual whiteboards (like MIRO, Mural) and Microsoft Office
Benefits we offer
Flexible work scheme with flexible hours, hybrid work model and up to 30 days per year for remote work abroad
Diverse national and international growth opportunities
Globally applicable well-being standards, including health and preventive care programs
Gender-neutral parental leave for a minimum of 8 weeks
Employee Share Plan with voluntary investment and Henkel matching shares
13th salary, incentives
Cafeteria benefit system, Multisport card
Henkel shop and Henkel nursery school
Extra paid days off for special life situations, referral and relocation bonus
#HenkelSlovensko
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5167148
Dátum zverejnenia:
30.10.2025
2025-10-30
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
,
Scrum Master
Spoločnosť:
HENKEL SLOVENSKO, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month