Experienced UX Designer with Figma - Žilina
PANTHEON.team
Place of work
Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
2 400 EUR/month
the final salary depends on the level of seniority - details see below
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you passionate about turning complex challenges into elegant, intuitive user experiences? Do you thrive in a collaborative environment where your creativity and Figma expertise are truly valued?
If so,
we want to hear from you!
At PANTHEON.tech we're looking for a talented and experienced (semi-senior+) UX Engineer for a project that involves SND technology. Our new team mate will work on a product developed to deliver intuitive and useful network applications. This SDN portal solution includes firewall and switch automation that provides visibility to network and network security vendor's devices.
​
What’s in it for you?​
​
* A fun, fast-paced environment, where you’ll collaborate with industry experts.
* A team that values technical excellence and continuous improvement, with a culture of support.
* Flexible work environment with opportunities for growth.
What do we expect from you?
Strong proficiency in Figma is essential, as well as a solid understanding of user-centric design principles. We expect a strong portfolio showcasing your UX process, a collaborative mindset, attention to detail, and passion for solving complex interaction problems.
Our offices are located in Bratislava, Banská Bystrica and Žilina - you can choose the most convenient for you. However you should be able to attend some of the team meetings held in Brno (Czech Republic).
What will be your tasks?
• collaborating with product managers and developers to define and design user interfaces for web portal
• conducting user research and usability testing to gather feedback and improve user experience
• creating wireframes, prototypes, and visual designs using industry-standard design tools
• communicating design ideas and concepts to stakeholders, both verbally and through visual presentations
• continuous analysis and evaluation of user behaviour and feedback and identifying areas for improvement
How high can you climb?
In our company, career growth is available for everybody willing to constantly improve himself. Since we are a family-based company, we will be glad to hear anybody´s ideas and we will happily support good projects. Our seniors are some of the best in the industry!
Employee perks, benefits
​What extras does PANTHEON throw in?
​Anyone can offer you a perfect team, team buildings, LAN-parties, friendly environment, table football and a place to grow (of course, we do offer those too).
But the real benefits? Additional days off, 100% paid sick leave, subsidized public transport, Home Office, flexible working hours and technical education, among others. You can also borrow a car from our company fleet, or go to/from work on our electric scooters!​​​
Information about the selection process
How much you can earn is directly related to how much you know. Your paycheck grows with your skills. You can start as a developer and make your way up or we can hire you directly as an expert. If you are a good team leader, we can even hire you directly for this position.
Here is our tentative salary ladder (gross):
SW Engineer (Medior) 1800 - 2600 €
Senior SW Engineer starting at 2400 €
Expert / Technical Leader starting at 3000 €
The salary range is given in EUR. The salary is divided into a fixed and variable part (the variable part is paid in full unless the Code of Conduct is broken or work tasks are not performed).
This position is filled for PANTHEON.tech, a software R&D company specializing in network technologies and open-source solutions. PANTHEON.tech offers a dynamic, hands-on environment where you’ll collaborate with industry experts to build the networks of tomorrow. With a core focus on network automation and orchestration, we also deliver advanced solutions in SDN, NFV, or secure remote access with our enterprise-grade VPN. For over 25 years, we’ve been a trusted partner to some of the world’s largest enterprises, continuously innovating to shape the future of global networking.
For more information visit https://join.pantheon.team.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Information Technology
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Figma - Advanced
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
•	Proven experience as an UX Engineer, with a portfolio showcasing your design process and results
•	Strong proficiency in industry-standard design tools such as Figma or similar
•	Knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript is a plus
•	Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with an ability to think creatively and strategically
•	Excellent communication skills, with an ability to present and articulate design ideas clearly and effectively
​
Are you ready to shape the future of tech? Apply now and make an impact!
​Please note that according to the relevant provisions of the Labor Code, you are required to inform the employer of all facts that may potentially hinder the performance of work or that could cause harm to the employer. You are also responsible for the truthfulness, accuracy, and completeness of such information. If the information you provide proves to be false, inaccurate, and/or incomplete, the employer reserves the right to discontinue the selection process without further notice and to terminate it, as well as the right to take any further action necessary in accordance with the law.​
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
V PANTHEON.team spájame silné stránky ôsmich, vzájomne sa dopĺňajúcich spoločností, aby sme poskytli komplexné riešenia.
Od tvorby inovatívnych sieťových technológii, precízneho účtovníctva, správy nehnuteľností, spoľahlivú technickú podporu po nadáciu, ktorá sa zaviazala k podpore vzdelávacích, športových a historických projektov - náš tím pracuje, ako jeden.
Objavte synergiu odborných znalostí, služieb a inovácií. Spoločne dosiahneme viac.
Pre viac informácií navštívte https://join.pantheon.team/.
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Lucia Pálinkásová
Tel.:
+421911620000
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5168508
Dátum zverejnenia:
1.11.2025
2025-11-01
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
User Experience Expert
Spoločnosť:
PANTHEON.team
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 400 EUR/month