O nás
Voľné pozície
Benefity
EN
SK
Staň sa súčasťou tímu vizionárov
Vytvárajme spolu budúcnosť kybernetickej bezpečnosti
späť na voľné pracovné miesta
Experienced Product Manager
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 3 500 EUR/month
*Performance bonus 2 times per year up to 10% of the basic salary paid for the evaluation period(usually 6 months).
*The final basic wage component can be higher accordingly to individual skills and experience of selected candidate.
Contract type
full-time
As a member of global Product Management team at ESET headquarters, you will utilize your previous experience to shape the future of ESET security products and services for business customers around the world, including some of the most famous corporations (airlines, banks, car manufacturers and others).
As the Product Manager, you will not only lead a critical products, services and processes, but also have a remarkable chance to showcase your skills to our top management. This role offers more than just a job; it's an opportunity to strategically shape the future of our company, particularly in the crucial B2B segment.
Within your role, you will constantly think how to solve market or technical problems in the assigned area of product during all stages of product life cycle. Your job will include quantitative and qualitative market and customer research to perform independent opportunity assessment. You will act as a customer advocate, putting customer needs first and working to deliver solutions deemed to be best for customer.
You will be fully responsible for defining the product vision, goals, strategy and roadmap of specific set of security products or services in the context of overall company strategy and vision. You will be expected to actively lead discussions and cooperation with internal experts in their respective fields from Product Management, development, interaction design, marketing, sales, and other supporting teams as well as external experts (consultants, analysts, etc.).
You will by reaching out to technical people in charge of security within the organization - to gather and understand their specific problems and needs. Then, your focus will be put into transferring gathered market knowledge into structured and prioritized business and product requirements with one goal that you should keep in mind all the time - to assure success and competitiveness of the product on the security market. You will be fully responsible for creation, maintenance and prioritization of product backlog of business and technical requirements for development teams considering market needs and companywide business strategies.
You will be co-responsible for commercial success of specific product and services, and your role will be to execute strategic, operative and technical product life-cycle activities leading to that success. You will autonomously manage all stages of product life cycle of selected products, services, and accompanying processes in accordance to corporate, portfolio and product strategies and goals.
Additionally, your responsibility will be to present core values and benefits of specific product or release to internal teams, business partners or business end customers. You will perform regular evaluation of product success on the market and you will define specific product goals, KPIs and feature improvements.
Responsibilities:
Develop own market knowledge by monitoring relevant markets, technological trends and business models.
Execute ongoing user research to build own market knowledge. Identify and articulate unresolved market problems. Perform an independent opportunity assessment.
Define goals and strategies for assigned products and services.
Define formalized business and product requirements and communicate and maintain them to the rest of the organization and external stakeholders.
Expand the product knowledge including the technical aspects of individual features of products.
Be responsible for the complete lifecycle of a  product or family of products assigned.
Drive cooperation on achieving product targets with other product managers as well as with other relevant teams and other key stakeholders across the company.
Adhere to Product Management processes and frameworks. Participate in the preparation of materials and inputs for Product Management initiatives and activities.
Maintain and update product roadmaps. Create and maintain product and service documentation (e.g., product bulletins).
Define  a portfolio product strategy, combining various types of applications and systems, possibly serving various customer types
Approve product positioning
Participate in the preparation of materials for internal product management processes and activities.
Participate in the optimization and improvement of the quality of processes impacting cross-team collaboration on products and services.
Propose optimizations of existing processes and systems and be actively involved in their implementation.
Requirements and skills:
Previous working experience in IT/technology/software company is required; ideally at least 3 years of experience as a technology
Product Manager or a similar (product related) role Business customer orientation and proven ability to properly understand business customer needs is required
Strong communication and presentation skills to various audiences in English is required
Extensive experience with working in a team
Previous Product Management job related to cybersecurity is a significant advantage
Previous experience in Business-to-Business is an advantage
Previous working experience with administration of enterprise network or endpoint security is an advantage
Dedication, excellent attitude towards the goals, passion about the product and its broader context are key values of the suitable candidate
Ability to manage strategic and operational challenges
Kontaktná osoba
Jakub Kunik
Poslať životopis
BENEFITY PRE TEBA
Flexibilita
Firemné podujatia
Benefity pre celú rodinu
Šport a zdravie Wellbeing
A ešte viac…
O ESETe
Spoločnosť ESET je globálnym lídrom v oblasti digitálnej bezpečnosti a je jedným z najväčších dodávateľov bezpečnostných riešení v Európskej únii. Zároveň je najväčšou a najoceňovanejšou IT firmou na Slovensku.
Už viac ako 30 rokov vyvíjame popredný softvér a služby zamerané na IT bezpečnosť a ochranu podnikov, kritickej infraštruktúry a domácností z celého sveta
Okrem vytvárania bezpečnostných riešení pre zákazníkov je našim cieľom aj aktívne prispievať k inovatívnej a zodpovednej spoločnosti v oblasti
vzdelávania
,
vedy
a
výskumu
.
V ESETe sú diverzita, rovnosť a inklúzia (DEI) neoddeliteľnou súčasťou firemnej kultúry. Sme hrdým signatárom a ambasádorom
Charty diverzity
. Snažíme sa vytvárať pracovné
prostredie
, kde sa každý cíti cenený a rešpektovaný. S otvorenosťou vítame záujem jednotlivcov zo všetkých prostredí -  vrátane rasy, pohlavia, veku, náboženstva, zdravotného znevýhodnenia, či sexuálnej orientácie.
Viac sa o nás dozviete na
našej stránke
.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5168858
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.11.2025
2025-11-04
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
Spoločnosť:
ESET, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month