Cloud Infrastructure Engineer – Azure & Microsoft 365
BTCS Slovakia s. r. o.
Place of work
Pribinova 4, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
Final salary depends on individual experience and skills of selected candidate
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
How we work
As a technological leader in the fast-paced crypto space, we are required to react quickly on changing market demands. Therefore, we believe in agile project management methodologies. By continuously delivering small increments, we learn through the feedback we receive to optimize our products until they excel. While we are dynamic in spirit, we believe in our staff taking initiative to empowering themselves where they can drive impact rather than hierarchically assigned ownership.
Main Responsibilities:
Oversee and optimize Microsoft Azure virtual infrastructure, Windows Servers, and Microsoft 365.
Microsoft 365 Services including but not limited to Exchange Online, SharePoint Online, OneDrive, MS Teams.
Regularly implement and maintain Infrastructure as Code (IaC) solutions using Terraform for efficient management and automation.
Administer and enhance Active Directory (Entra ID and On-Prem), Group Policies.
Oversee integration and operation of internally developed and externally procured software components.
Collaborate on cybersecurity initiatives, including Microsoft Defender and Intune MDM, to secure endpoints, mobile devices, and company resources.
Collaborate closely with development, security, networking, and management teams, providing mentoring and sharing technical knowledge.
Automate tasks and processes to improve operational efficiency, creating detailed documentation to support knowledge sharing.
Advise stakeholders on strategic technology decisions, system roadmaps, and solution identification aligned with long-term business objectives.
Qualifications & Skills:
Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology or completed relevant IT apprenticeship.
Deep technical expertise in at least 5 of the following:
Windows Azure VM administration
Microsoft Entra ID and On-Prem Active Directory
PowerShell scripting or similar automation technologies
Administration of Azure Virtual Desktop
Windows DNS Administration
Windows File Server Administration
Experience in various Azure Services (Storage, Keyvault, Update Management, Backups, Governance  and more..)
Entra ID Authentication (App Registration, SAML, OAuth, OIDC, SCIM..)
Windows Certificate Authority (check naming)
Microsoft 365 Services (SharePoint Online, OneDrive, MS Teams_)_
Exchange Online Hybrid Setup Including Mail Authentication and Security
Microsoft SQL Server & Azure SQL Server
Advanced knowledge of Group Policy management and device management with Intune MDM
Demonstrated ability to effectively manage multiple high-priority tasks under pressure, meet tight deadlines, and balance urgent requests with ongoing projects.
Exceptional collaboration, communication, and interpersonal skills.
Fluent in English (written and spoken); German proficiency desirable.
A proactive, positive problem-solver comfortable driving decisions, changes, and improvements across international and cross-functional teams.
Hands-on experience deploying, managing, and optimizing all necessary components to run applications in a cloud environment effectively.
Employee perks, benefits
Exciting projects in the crypto space
A friendly and supportive team culture that relies on positivity
Regular team events and activities
High level of autonomy and responsibility
Flexible organization of your working hours
Workation:Enjoy the flexibility of working across designated EU countries, with up to 10 days a year to combine work and travel
Sport: Multisport card
Home office
Information about the selection process
Online Personal Interview
This call is about getting to know each other. We want to know more about your background, motivations and expectations and at the same time you can ask us your questions.
Technical Interview
In the technical interview, we have a few tasks for you to learn more about your skills. You will also have the opportunity to get to know the team and the workplace.
We will contact only candidates, who fit our needs. By sending your CV, you agree with processing of your personal data.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary school student
Secondary without school-leaving examination
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
System Engineer
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
5
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Bitcoin Suisse is the Swiss crypto-native pioneer and trusted gateway to crypto asset investing. As a crypto broker, we operate across the most relevant crypto exchanges and provide brokerage, custody, staking and other crypto-related services at the forefront of technical innovation. We are as dedicated to our clients as we are passionate about cryptocurrencies and the underlying blockchain technology. We make things happen and have helped to shape the crypto and blockchain ecosystem in Switzerland as a driving force in the development of the ‘Crypto Valley’. Bitcoin Suisse is headquartered in Zug and targets (ultra-) high-net-worth individuals and institutional clients
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Lujza Petríková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5168827
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.11.2025
2025-11-04
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
DevOps Engineer
Spoločnosť:
BTCS Slovakia s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month