Company
Who we are
Open Roles
11
Benefits
Early Talent
Back
Software Engineering Manager
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Start date & Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 5 500 EUR/month
If there is currently no open position suitable for you, please submit your e-mail address and preferences. If a new position (opened in the future) aligns with your qualifications and interests, you may be contacted about the opportunity.
Send CV
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Who is CAT Digital? What do we do?
Big machines require big thinking. Are you looking for your next big challenge?
Cat® Digital is the digital and technology arm of Caterpillar Inc., leveraging the latest technologies to build industry leading digital solutions for our customers and dealers. With over one million connected assets worldwide, our teams use data, technology, advanced analytics, telematics, and AI capabilities to help our customers build a better world.
Working with a Fortune 100 leader, you can build your career on a global scale and take advantage of development opportunities with emerging technologies. We’ve created an inclusive environment for you to explore your passions, make an impact and do the work that really matters. Join Us.
Job Opportunity:
Are you passionate about digital technology and looking for a dynamic career opportunity?
Cat Digital expands its operations in Slovakia. We are seeking talented individuals to join our team and help drive our digital product development efforts. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies and collaborate with top professionals working on very high impact and visibility products. Don't miss this chance to join and support digital innovation for a global leader in heavy machinery!
As a Software Engineering Manager at Cat Digital's Slovakian branch, you will have the opportunity to establish and lead talented engineering teams, delivering innovative digital solutions. You will be responsible for overseeing the design, development, and implementation of complex solutions with primary focus on eCommerce applications portfolio, driving continuous improvement, and ensuring the highest levels of quality and customer satisfaction.
We are seeking an experienced and innovative leader with a passion for building teams, managing people, digital technology, and a proven track record of success in managing large-scale engineering projects.
At Cat Digital, we are committed to fostering a culture of innovation and continuous learning, and we believe in investing in the development of our employees. As a member of our team, you will have access to a wide range of training and development opportunities, as well as very competitive compensation and benefits packages.
Don't miss this opportunity to take your career to the next level and join a global leader in innovation. Apply now for our Engineering Manager position at Cat Digital's Slovakian branch!
What you will do:
The Software Engineering Manager leads and coordinate all activities for several teams developing one of our key digital products. You will also:
Ensure seamless Product Engineering in the eCommerce portfolio of Caterpillar digital solutions.
Provide technical support, and direction to teams and team leaders. Acquire resources necessary to accomplish work on time.
Oversee performance of individual team members and team as a whole. Identify and address staff training and development needs.
Coordinate walkthroughs and reviews; ensure conformance to standards and adherence to design specifications.
Develop detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports. Monitor and troubleshoot performance and schedule issues.
Employee perks, benefits
What we offer:
At Cat Digital, we are committed to fostering a culture of innovation and continuous learning, and we believe in investing in the development of our employees. As a member of our team, you will have access to a wide range of training and development opportunities, as well as very competitive compensation and benefits packages, like:
5,500+ euros / month gross
Significant Performance related annual cash incentive
Industry leading Pension plan
5 days of extra vacation above the legal requirement
Attractive Life insurance
1 Volunteering day
Multisport Card
Car Allowance
Take the chance to apply now for this position at Cat Digital Slovakia branch!
Information about the selection process
Please frequently check the email associated with your application, including the junk/spam folder, as this is the primary correspondence method. If you wish to know the status of your application – please use the candidate log-in on our career website as it will reflect any updates to your status. ​
Caterpillar is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws.​
Caterpillar is committed to creating a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion, respect and integrity, customer focus, and innovation. For more information, visit https://www.caterpillar.com/en/careers/why-caterpillar.html​
Follow us on Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
What you have:
Products and Services: Knowledge of major products and services and product and service groups; ability to apply knowledge of product and service appropriately to diverse situations.
Organizational Leadership: Knowledge of leadership concepts and ability to use strategies and skills to enlist others in setting, embracing and achieving objectives.
Software Development: Knowledge of software development tools and activities; ability to produce software products or systems in line with product requirements.
Software Development Life Cycle: Knowledge of software development life cycle; ability to use a structured methodology for delivering and managing new or enhanced software products to the marketplace.
Software Product Design/Architecture: Knowledge of software product design; ability to convert market requirements into software product design.
Software Quality Assurance and Testing: Knowledge of software quality assurance and testing; ability to apply appropriate processes, tools, and techniques for assuring a high level of quality in computer software products and systems.
Formal education from in relevant field (such as Computer Science, Technology Management, Electrical Engineering)
Solid experience in software engineering, and/or hands-on software development team management role.
Experience leading software development projects and managing cross-functional teams.
Strong technical skills in software development, architecture, and design.
Experience working with Agile methodologies and tools.
Excellent communication, leadership, and problem-solving skills.
Fluent in English, both written and spoken.
Top candidates will also have:
Experience in public cloud technologies such as AWS or Azure.
Demonstrated leadership on medium or larger projects impacting strategic priorities.
Ability to cope with shifting priorities, demands and timelines through analytical and problem-solving skills.
Ability to effectively prioritize, delegate responsibilities and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.
Passion for technology and innovation and building high performance teams.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Caterpillar
is a company of
builders
. Of
challenge breakers
. Of
innovators
who want to impact the world. Our people build and design the products and services that help
shape the communities
where we work and live.
We are building on our legacy and innovating for the next generation. One where
technology-enabled services
create improved outcomes for our people and the customers and communities we serve.
Our ability to innovate and build
begins with our people
. Our tech and digital teams are at the forefront of Caterpillar’s evolution – taking pride in
solving complex problems by building new systems
from the ground up.
On our team, you’ll
leverage data
from across our entire enterprise and
more than 1.5M connected assets
to solve problems and find solutions that open a new world of possibilities for our machines, our customers, our dealers and our business.
While the challenge is great, so is the opportunity. Working with a
Fortune 100 leader
, you can build your career
on a global scale
and take advantage of development opportunities with
emerging technologies
like telematics, data engineering, AI and machine learning, and predictive analytics.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Ľubomíra Jarošová
E-mail:
send CV
Zbrojničná 6, Košice, Slovakia
© 2024 Caterpillar. All rights reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5169530
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.11.2025
2025-11-04
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Manager
,
IT Product Manager
,
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Caterpillar Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
5 500 EUR/month