Prejsť na benefity
Prejsť na ponuky
R_048100 Business Intelligence Analyst
Miesto práce
: The Spot, Bottova 2/A, 811 09 Bratislava
Druh pracovného pomeru
: full-time
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
: 3 720 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Ready for a Challenge
Great! At Bistro.sk / Just Eat Takeaway.com (JET), countless opportunities are waiting for you. Or as we like to say - at JET, everything is on the table! We are a leading global online provider, with a technological ecosystem that connects millions of active customers with hundreds of thousands of partners across countries worldwide.
About this role:
As a Business Intelligence Analyst, you will provide data and insights to shape business strategies, optimise customer experience, and improve operational efficiencies for Just Eat Takeaway’s Slovak market, Bistro.sk. As part of the Analytics Team, you will work closely with the Country Director and the senior leadership team to enable data-driven decisions. In this role, you will take the lead in uncovering opportunities to drive market performance and support key initiatives that deliver substantial value for JET, its partners, and customers
These are some of the key ingredients to the role:
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand business needs and translate them into data analysis, reporting solutions, and actionable insights
Present findings, reports, and recommendations to senior management, effectively communicating complex data insights in a clear and concise manner
Develop and oversee comprehensive KPI analysis and management reporting
Leverage SQL and advanced analytics to guide impactful business strategies and evaluate initiative effectiveness
Collaborate with global teams to share best practices and promote a data-driven culture across the organisation
Foster strong working relationships Country Management, Sales & Operations, Product & Tech, Marketing, Central Data & Analytics, PMO & Finance
What will you bring to the table?
Experience in business analytics, business intelligence, or a similar role
Proven experience in building persuasive, data-driven narratives for executive-level audiences, and presenting concepts and ideas with confidence and persuasion to a wide range of contributors
Strong SQL skills for independent data extraction and analysis
Ability to visualise data trends, present findings, and build reports using tools like Tableau, Power BI, Looker, Excel, PPT, Slides
Ability to use advanced analytics (e.g., causal inference) to measure the success of business initiatives (preferred)
Experience with trading or forecasting is a nice-to-have
Fluent in Slovak and English (both written and spoken)
Personality requirements and skills
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Employee perks, benefits
Meal Allowance
Multisport Card
Cafeteria Points
Development & Wellbeing: Fully covered access to LinkedIn Learning, English lessons, and a Company Psychologist (online therapy).
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Čo je Bistro.sk?
U nás nájdeš na jednom mieste viac ako 2100 reštaurácií z celého Slovenska so širokou ponukou chutných jedál a nápojov. Tak zadaj adresu doručenia, vyber si, na čo máš chuť a my sa postaráme o zvyšok.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Jakub Młyńczyk
E-mail:
send CV
Reagovať na ponuku
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Sledujte nás na:
ID:
5169439
Dátum zverejnenia:
31.10.2025
2025-10-31
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Database Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Bistro.sk, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 720 EUR/month