About us
Open positions
Benefits
Contact
Data Maintenance Analyst - Integrated Steering and Reporting (ISR) Platform
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary *
From 1 650 EUR/month
Contract type
full-time
* Of course, an overpayment is possible depending on the respective training, qualification and professional experience. The gross salary is based on these aforementioned criteria and is finally determined after the personal interview.
Henkel operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in two exciting business areas: Consumer Brands (Laundry & Home Care and Beauty Care) and Adhesive Technologies. Our success is built on constant innovation and people who strive for excellence. Working at Henkel is much more than just a job. It's a passion. Have you got what it takes?
Your role
Join Henkel as an "Data Maintenance Analyst - Integrated Steering and Reporting (ISR) Platform" and play a key role in enabling data-driven decision-making within our Adhesives business.
In this role, you will ensure the accessibility of Strategy & Sales data on our Integrated Steering & Reporting (ISR) platform.
Your primary responsibility will be to collect, review, and upload ISR master data in continuous alignment with our Business Stakeholders. Additionally, you will focus on executing and designing data quality management processes, as well as enabling self-service BI capabilities for our users. You will also explore opportunities to automate and continuously improve our internal processes.
In this role you will be responsible for:
Coordination and refinement of ISR master data updates in close collaboration with business stakeholders across all segments of Henkel Adhesives
Maintenance and streamlining of data mappings using Microsoft Excel and the Azure Portal
Execution of data quality checks and KPI monitoring using ISR and Databricks
Identification and resolution of data inconsistencies in partnership with our development team
Support in the development of a holistic self-service BI approach, enabling users to access ISR data for their own reporting in Microsoft Power BI
Automation of internal ISR data processes using Python and Microsoft Power Query
Your skills
Experience in data-driven analytics in ERP (SAP, Oracle) or BI (Power BI, Tableau) environments
Required technical skills: Advanced Excel skills
Preferred technical skills: SQL, Python, and/or MS Power BI
Proactive working style and solid analytical skills
Ability to manage stakeholders from various functions and (ideally) ability to translate business requirements into technical design documents
Fluent spoken & written English
Good communication skills
Eagerness to learn and agile mindset
Benefits we offer
Flexible work scheme with flexible hours, hybrid work model and up to 30 days per year for remote work abroad
Diverse national and international growth opportunities
Globally applicable well-being standards, including health and preventive care programs
Gender-neutral parental leave for a minimum of 8 weeks
Employee Share Plan with voluntary investment and Henkel matching shares
13th salary, incentives
Cafeteria benefit system, Multisport card
Henkel shop and Henkel nursery school
Extra paid days off for special life situations, referral and relocation bonus
#HenkelSlovensko
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5169416
Dátum zverejnenia:
31.10.2025
2025-10-31
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Customer Support Specialist
,
Database Analyst
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
HENKEL SLOVENSKO, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 650 EUR/month