Web Developer with PHP
KA-SYS SK, s. r. o.
Place of work
Stárkova 1223/23, Žilina
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 500 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking to hire a Developer to build web-based applications and functionalities!
If you're passionate about programming and ready to code using languages like HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, PHP, we'd love to welcome you!
Join a professional, secure and friendly environment that integrates technology, people and industry while introducing creative solutions.
WHAT YOU WILL DO:
• take part in building web applications, contributing to their full-cycle development or specific functionalities;
• optimize the performance of existing applications and solve the existing issues;
• engage in meetings with the partners to discuss project requirements and progress.
WHAT HELPS YOU SUCCEED:
• knowledge of front-end and/or back-end technologies: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, jQuery, JavaScript, PHP;
• pure PHP object-oriented programming proficiency;
• exceptional analytical and interpersonal skills;
• willingness to continuously improve, evolve and create high-quality products;
• ability to collaborate effectively as part of a team, understanding and meeting customer requirements;
• business fluency in English or German.
Employee perks, benefits
•	solid business, stable contract, cool office, medical care;
•	access to top programming languages, modern tools and innovative coding methodologies;
•	training on the job conducted by seasoned developers;
•	possibility to develop and grow in an international and highly skilled team;
•	opportunity to take part in further development paths as a part of the full-time position;
•	participation in captivating IT projects.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Intermediate (B1)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
KA-SYS SK, based in Žilina, Slovakia, is a subsidiary of KASYS, located in the Oldenburg district of Lower Saxony, Germany.
KA-SYS SK provides information technology services, including the development, optimization and implementation of software packages for various applications. Our aim is to empower businesses using relevant front-end and back-end technologies and techniques.
Our global objective is to streamline business processes through digitalization and integration and we believe this can be achieved by drawing the expertise of motivated developers utilizing modern technologies.
If you are a PHP developer looking for a challenging and rewarding career in programming, we want to hear from you!
Join us and become part of a company that can help shape your future!
Contact
Contact person: KA-SYS Recruitment Team
Tel.:
+421911850853
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5170112
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.10.2025
2025-10-06
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Frontend developer
,
Javascript Programmer
,
PHP Programmer
,
Web Designer
Spoločnosť:
KA-SYS SK, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month