Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Lead Architect for Detecon (migration and replacement of SAP HCM module and related HR systems)
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 500 EUR/month.
We are searching for a visionary Lead Architect for a company Detecon - member of our "T-family", to join our team in Košice, Slovakia. As the Lead Architect, you will play a crucial role in shaping the technical direction of our projects and driving innovation within our organization.
You will be technically responsible for the HR IT products, which currently consist of solutions from various manufacturers (SAP HCM and MS Hubdrive). You will mainly take care of the classic modules of personnel administration, organizational management, payroll, and time management. Since SAP HCM is about to be replaced (by a yet-to-be-defined system), you will be responsible for planning and executing the replacement of the existing SAP HCM, including the migration of existing and transactional data to the successor system, as well as the redesign of interfaces to other systems. You will work closely with the Enterprise and data architects on a technical level and with the HR product owner on a functional level.
Purpose
Senior technical expert responsible for design and implementation of an assigned technology.
What will you do?
Design, develop, test, implement and support SAP components and applications in order to deliver quality standard product portfolio.
Build and develop concepts, processes and methods for automation, optimization and standardization to satisfy efficiency and automation requirements.
Provide advice or information at request or at own initiative to all relevant employees or customers regarding technical aspects of products.
Provide project deliverables to fulfil the project scope.
Consult and implement new innovative technologies to satisfy innovation strategy.
Provide overall solutions and principles in planning, developing and implementing new products to satisfy business requirements.
Design, develop, and implement architecture of services based on platform requirements.
Mentor and train co-workers to spread knowledge level and develop their skills.
Act as key technical lead and solve and coordinate activities across related technologies/outside own team.
Provide consulting services to project teams on areas of expertise.
Research and development in assigned technology, determine business requirements, propose changes and develop implementation plans.
You will succeed if you:
have education of Information technologies – Master’s degree
have experience with Information technologies in SAP area - 5 years
have field specific professional certification exam;
have recommended process methodology certification
have experience with SAP HCM, EC - Expert
have experience with networking - Expert
have experience with security - Advanced
have experience with programming languages - Advanced
have experience with virtualization - Advanced
have experience with field specific applications - Expert
are communicative, team player and have analytical thinking, training/mentoring skills, presentation and negotiation skills
have financial literacy
have experience with project and quality management
have leadership skills
are familiar with the agile working method (according to SAFe)
speak English - Advanced (C1)
speak German (advantage)
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
2 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 500 EUR/month.
Contact
Contact person: Anna Heveryová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5170513
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.11.2025
2025-11-03
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Architect
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month