Senior Frontend Engineer
BTCS Slovakia s. r. o.
Place of work
Pribinova 4, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
From 3 500 EUR/month
The final salary depends on the individual experience and skills of the selected candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As a Senior Frontend Engineer at Bitcoin Suisse you will play an important role in developing, testing and maintaining modern web and mobile app projects. You will be working in close collaboration with product owners, designers, solution architects and project managers. Our products vary from large digital platforms to the dynamic landscape of DeFi products.
How we work
As a technological leader in the fast-paced crypto space, we are required to react quickly to the changing market demands. This is why we believe in agile project management methodologies. By continuously delivering small increments, we learn through the feedback we receive to optimize our products until they excel. While we are dynamic in spirit, we believe in our staff taking initiative to empowering themselves where they can drive impact rather than hierarchically assigned ownership.
The opportunity
Design, develop, and maintain high-quality client-facing applications using React, React Native and Next.js
Take ownership of developing complex frontend features, setting the standard for high-quality, maintainable code.
Play a key role in shaping technical strategy and product direction through active collaboration and leadership
Continuously explore and adopt new technologies, staying ahead of industry trends
What we look for in you
5+ years of experience building web applications and delivering user-facing features with React, JavaScript, and TypeScript
Deep understanding of JavaScript/TypeScript and proficiency with React
You’re familiar with product and design lifecycles, and collaborating closely with designers, engineers, and product owners
Strong understanding of UI/UX principles and best practices
Solid understanding of modern frontend build pipelines and tooling
Strong written and verbal communication skills in English
Nice to haves
Experience with React Native and Next.js
Familiarity with frontend testing frameworks
Exposure to GraphQL and Strapi CMS
Interest or experience in crypto-forward technologies
Employee perks, benefits
Exciting projects in the crypto space
A friendly and supportive team culture that relies on positivity
Regular team events and activities
High level of autonomy and responsibility
Flexible organization of your working hours
Workation: Enjoy the flexibility of working across designated EU countries, with up to 10 days a year to combine work and travel
Sport: Multisport card
Home office
Information about the selection process
Online Personal Interview
This call is about getting to know each other. We want to know more about your background, motivations and expectations and at the same time you can ask us your questions.
Technical Interview
In the technical interview, we have a few tasks for you to learn more about your skills. You will also have the opportunity to get to know the team and the workplace.
We will contact only candidates, who fit our needs. By sending your CV, you agree with processing of your personal data.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary without school-leaving examination
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Information Technology
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
ReactJS - Advanced
Next JS - Advanced
TypeScript - Advanced
GraphQL - Advanced
JavaScript - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
5
Number of years of experience
5
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Bitcoin Suisse is the Swiss crypto-native pioneer and trusted gateway to crypto asset investing. As a crypto broker, we operate across the most relevant crypto exchanges and provide brokerage, custody, staking and other crypto-related services at the forefront of technical innovation. We are as dedicated to our clients as we are passionate about cryptocurrencies and the underlying blockchain technology. We make things happen and have helped to shape the crypto and blockchain ecosystem in Switzerland as a driving force in the development of the ‘Crypto Valley’. Bitcoin Suisse is headquartered in Zug and targets (ultra-) high-net-worth individuals and institutional clients
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Lujza Petríková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5170751
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.10.2025
2025-10-06
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Frontend developer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
BTCS Slovakia s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month