Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Non technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Employee Central Lead
Place of work
Moldavská cesta 8B, Košice-Juh, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
What will you do?
Key accountabilities
Steer the international project of Employee Central implementation in Deutsche Telekom from business (HR) perspective
Lead the functional implementation team in HR HQ
Secure the successful roll-out in 20+ countries
Steer the IT implementation partner (T-Systems) as well as the vendor (SAP Successfactors)
Steer escalations
Consult (internal) customer on best practice process implementations
Define a global template for data and processes
Conduct regular status update calls
Manage stakeholder
You will succeed if you:
Experience
You have lead Employee Central implementations on large scale (5k+ users) in international multi-country approaches
You have designed global templates for data and processes
You have steered external vendors during the implementation
Skills
Employee Central know-how
English (mandatory), German (optional)
Project Management (e.g agile, SAFE)
Vendor Management
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 3 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Lucia Vajdová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5171683
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.11.2025
2025-11-04
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month