Analyst in Tax Operations, PCS - Tax Engine
Job ID: 3023209 | Amazon /Slovakia/ s.r.o.
Description
Amazon's Tax Exemption Program (ATEP) is seeking a tenured Analyst to join the Bratislava team under Tax Engine. ATEP is a program allowing eligible Amazon customers to present exemption certificates that enable tax-free purchases thus ensuring Amazon's tax exemption compliance in the United States and Canada
The Analyst on ATEP program will be responsible for monitoring exemption creation activity, carrying out remediation actions where appropriate, making regular updates to the ATEP user interface, and performing other functions in the tax exemption program.
The Analyst will work closely with Tax, Product/Consulting and Engineering teams to understand exemption requirements, translate them into technical updates, and continuously improve ATEP systems. They will support testing of new features and contribute feedback for enhancements. They take ownership of operational support for launched exemption-related products or features, ensuring ongoing stability and compliance.
Base pay for this position starts from EUR 2133 gross per month and salary depends on the skills and requirements, there will be further pay components such as a sign on bonus and the eligibility to participate in a restricted stock unit scheme operated independently by Amazon.com Inc. in USA. Company benefits apply subject to further terms, including annual membership in medical clinic, life insurance, retirement pension, meal voucher card, career development.
Key Job Responsibilities
Validate active exemptions with precision and ensure expired or invalid certificates are promptly removed from use.
Coordinate with Product/Consulting and Engineering for issue resolution and process improvements. Align with Tax team for exemption policy updates and provide visibility to leadership.
Create and maintain SOPs to reflect system updates, ensuring consistent and scalable execution across the team.
Monitor exemption usage to eliminate friction and improve the customer experience while preserving compliance standards.
Support and review work of junior team members while Insisting on Highest Standards.
Present regular team and project updates using metrics, KPIs, and narrative explanations.
About the team
Mentorship & Career Growth
We’re continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earth’s Best Employer. That’s why you’ll find endless knowledge-sharing, mentorship and other career-advancing resources here to help you develop into a better-rounded professional.
Work/Life Balance
We value work-life harmony. Achieving success at work should never come at the expense of sacrifices at home, which is why we strive for flexibility as part of our working culture. When we feel supported in the workplace and at home, there’s nothing we can’t achieve in the cloud.
Inclusive Team Culture
Here at Amazon, it’s in our nature to learn and be curious. Our employee-led affinity groups foster a culture of inclusion that empower us to be proud of our differences. Ongoing events and learning experiences inspire us to never stop embracing our uniqueness.
Basic Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree in Tax, Accounting, Finance, Business or a related field
2+ years of working experience in Finance/Tax
Full professional fluency in English (written and verbal)
Strong program management skills
Strong computer and technology skills
Experience working with technical and non-technical teams
Organized, analytical and methodical with strong attention to detail
Able to take ownership of work, implement change, and demonstrate a problem-solving approach
Preferred Qualifications
Experience using Tableau, Alteryx, Quicksight, or other BI Tool in a business setting
Advanced in MS Excel (large data sets, use of hot keys, pivot tables, vlookups, index/match)
Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is
            central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your
            passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data
            is a
            longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice
(https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page)
to know more about how we collect, use
            and
            transfer the personal data of our candidates.
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a
            disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process,
            including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit
https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations
for more information.
            If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5171669
Dátum zverejnenia:
8.10.2025
2025-10-08
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
,
Reporting Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Amazon Europe
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 133 EUR/month