Senior SW Engineer
PRINTEC SLOVAKIA, spol. s r.o.
Place of work
Elektrárenská, Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 000 - 3 500 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are Printec!
Printec is a leader in business-to-customer transaction technologies in Central and Eastern Europe, offering a wide range of technological solutions that reimagine transactions and create easy and secure interactions for 35 years.
From click & collect parcel delivery and unattended vending machines to digital on-boarding and electronic signature solutions, we aspire to make digital transactions safer, faster, and easier.
Through our solutions and services, we enable businesses to leverage innovative technology to provide superior customer experience and at the same time achieve operational efficiencies and regulatory compliance.
Responsibilities:
- Implementing new features and maintaining POS application software.
- Assisting in maintaining code quality, the organization, and automation.
- Identifying bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems.
- Writing technical documentation for the design and implementation purpose.
- Enhancing POS application management pipeline.
- Supporting customers or helpdesk organization in solving POS software issues.
-Help maintain code quality, organization, and automation.
Requirements:
- Bachelor’s or University Degree in Computer Science or similar with a minimum of 4+ years
of experience.
- Strong in C++ programming and Object-oriented programming.
- High motivation and passion to learn new technologies and systems.
- Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
- Fluency in English and local (Slovak) language.
- Ability to work effectively within a team.
-Hands-on experience with either of the following technologies: JAVA, Android, Object-oriented programming, GIT, Web technologies (PHP, ASP.NET, Javascript), Linux, Virtualization, Cloud technologies
To be considered as an advantage:
- Familiarity with banking technologies, transaction processing, applications for self-service equipment and having POS terminal local business insights.
- Designing software architecture skills.
- Experienced in Java programming, Android, Cloud technologies and GIT.
Employee perks, benefits
We are offering a competitive salary, flexible working hours/Hybrid working model, an inclusive, caring and friendly work environment, opportunities for growth and career development in a fast-changing and dynamic IT sector in a team of dedicated, ambitious and team-oriented professionals.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
Slovak - Proficiency (C2)
and
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
C++  and Object-oriented programming - Advanced
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
- High motivation and passion to learn new technologies and systems.
- Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
- Ability to work effectively within a team.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Innovate. Interact. Experience.
We aspire to make digital transactions safer, faster, and easier for people as we shape the way towards a more accessible and sustainable world.
And looking for the best talent to join in.
We are an international team of passionate professionals, with a strong engineering mindset and an emphasis on customer experience. We inspire each other.
We grow and thrive together!
We Innovate! This is how we work.
At Printec, it doesn’t matter who you are, what you look like, or where you come from. You will be part of a team that reimagines transactions and creates technology that makes everyday life easier.
Our culture, our open and collaborative work environment, and the great people you will meet here will give you the opportunity to tackle big challenges and drive your own development.
Bring your passion, experience, and true self to work and we’ll make sure that together we achieve amazing things. We are building a stimulating high-performance culture, embracing feedback and recognition.
This is what we stand for:
•TRUST
•TEAMWORK
•CARE
•  PASSION
•INNOVATION
This is how we grow together!
We are committed to investing in you. From the moment you join Printec, we will support you to unfold your skills, reach your full potential and develop your career planning.
We are building a stimulating high-performance culture, embracing feedback and recognition.
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Boyanka Asenova
Tel.:
+359884950280
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5171177
Dátum zverejnenia:
15.10.2025
2025-10-15
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
C++ Programmer
,
Javascript Programmer
,
PHP Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
PRINTEC SLOVAKIA, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month