IT Data Engineer / Data Architect
cargo-partner SR, s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join our team at an exciting stage of our corporate data and business intelligence evolution. We are currently reshaping our data strategy, architecture, and reporting landscape. As an IT Data Engineer / Data Architect, you will play a key role in building robust data models, integrating data from multiple sources, and ensuring reliable and timely delivery of insights for our business stakeholders.
Your responsibilities
Design and maintain conceptual and logical data models as a foundation for future data domains.
Develop and optimize data architecture, with a focus on data integration, governance, and quality.
Implement and monitor ETL processes, ensuring accurate and efficient data loading into the data warehouse.
Support the creation of dashboards and visualizations on top of core data structures to enable business decision-making.
Collaborate closely with business stakeholders to translate requirements into technical data solutions.
Participate in defining standards, guidelines, and best practices for data architecture.
Evaluate new technologies and contribute to the future vision of a business-driven, future-oriented data landscape.
Employee perks, benefits
13th salary + performance bonus
Technical and personal trainings, language courses, eLearning and more
Lunch vouchers fully covered by employer even during any justified absence in the workplace
1 free day during employee's birthday
Multisport card
Based on professional qualification and experience, we offer a gross monthly salary starting from € 3000 EUR gross
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Personality requirements and skills
Strong knowledge of data modelling (conceptual, logical, physical).
Hands-on experience with DWH architecture, ETL processes, and data integration.
Familiarity with data governance and data quality concepts.
Proven ability to deliver reliable data for reporting and analytics in a timely manner.
Experience with dashboards, data visualisation tools, and BI platforms.
Strong communication skills and ability to work with both technical teams and business stakeholders.
Good command of English (written and spoken).
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
For over 40 years, cargo-partner has flourished in the logistics industry, delivering unparalleled service to our clients worldwide. We have now embarked on another journey and to continue our commitment for excellence, we have now joined the Nippon Express Group which will now underpin all the values we constantly aspire to achieve, now becoming a top 5 global player. As an end to end info logistics provider, we pride ourselves on offering a comprehensive portfolio of air, sea, land transport, and warehousing services. With a unique focus on information technology and supply chain optimization, we empower businesses to thrive in today's fast-paced world.
Join our dynamic team, where innovation meets passion and every voice is valued. Embark on a journey where your skills are nurtured, creativity is celebrated, and together, we take pride in making a difference.
Discover more about our Mission & Vision. Dive into a world of endless opportunities and embark on the cargo-partner journey with us.
cargo-partner is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an environment where all employees feel valued and respected. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or any other legally protected characteristics. We welcome and encourage applications from all individuals, regardless of background.
Explore endless opportunities and leave your mark with us.
Ready to get things moving? Join our team!
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Joanna Aniol
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5171751
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.11.2025
2025-11-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
Spoločnosť:
cargo-partner SR, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month