Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Security Technik Administrator - 12-hour shift schedule (day or night shifts)
Place of work
Moldavská, Košice-Západ
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 300 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable. We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 1 300 € /brutto. Additional worsened working conditions bonus 300€ / brutto.
Purpose
Security Technik Administrator is responsible for administrative/operative tasks in security processes. Holder of the position executes of measurements and tests in the area of security/ data protection, operation of reference systems for security systems. Security Technik Administrator provides technical support for security management systems. Holder of the position performs the given tasks at the L2 level of complexity and specification
What will you do?
WHAT WILL YOU DO?
Perform complex administrative and operational tasks within defined security processes.
Execute measurements and tests in areas related to security and data protection.
Participate in definition, planning, and execution of tests as part of security management and related reviews.
Plan and procure technical equipment, including measuring devices and testing tools.
Operate and maintain selected reference systems and security management tools within the defined sub-field.
Manage applications and provide technical support within the scope of security systems.
Provide technical support for various security management systems.
Commercially evaluating security measures and acting as a point of contact for Group units during implementation.
Offer guidance and support to employees on security-related topics.
Analyze and prepare reports and documentation on security issues.
Contribute to security-related projects and initiatives within the team.
You will succeed if you:
YOU WILL SUCCEED IF YOU:
speak English – Upper intermediate (B2)
are able to think analytically and have strong sense of teamwork and cooperation
hold a Bachelor’s degree in Information Technologies.
have at least 2 years of experience in ICT Technical Infrastructure Operations
have routing and switching knowledge - mandatory (CCNA certification or higher is considered an advantage)
are willing to work on 12-hour shift schedule (day or night shifts)
are familiar  with:
o	ITIL V4 Foundation – Intermediate level
o	IPsec and SSL VPNs.
o	Proxy and reverse proxy services.
o	Firewalls and next-generation firewalls.
Other Criteria:
Clear criminal records, ability to pass Security Clearance in NBÚ.
Enthusiasm for learning new technologies from various vendors and obtaining relevant certifications.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 300 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable. We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 1 300 € /brutto. Additional worsened working conditions bonus 300€ / brutto.
Contact
Contact person: Dana Dráčová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5171501
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.11.2025
2025-11-04
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 300 EUR/month