Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Non technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Employee Central Compensation Specialist
Place of work
Moldavská cesta 8B, Košice-Juh, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Our brand Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia entered the life of Košice region in 2006 under the name of T-Systems Slovakia and ever since has been inextricably linked with the region when became one of the founding members of Košice IT Valley. We have managed to grow from scratch to the second largest employer in the eastern part of the country with more than 3900 employees. Our goal is to proactively find new ways to improve and continuously transform into the type of company providing innovative information and communication technology services.
What will you do?
Key accountabilities
Lead the functional implementation team in HR HQ and countries for the module Compensation (e.g. Salary review)
Gather & analyze requirements: Capture global/local compensation policies, salary structures and bonus schemes.
Design solutions: Compensation templates, rules, budgets and approval workflows in EC.
Prepare & validate data: Support data migration, ensure accuracy, and set up test cases.
Test & integrate: Perform UAT, validate workflows, and ensure seamless integration with payroll/performance systems.
Train & support: Deliver user training, support change management, and provide hypercare after go-live.
Secure the successful roll-out in 20+ countries
Consult the HR business side on solution design and best practices
You will succeed if you:
Experience
You have lead Employee Central implementations on large scale (5k+ users) in international multi-country approaches
You have designed global templates for data and processes
Skills
Employee Central
English (mandatory), German (optional)
EC Compensation know-how
SAP HCM Know-how
Vendor Management
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Lucia Vajdová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5171694
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.11.2025
2025-11-04
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month