SK
EN
SK
EN
About the company
Benefits
Job Positions
Contact
Junior .NET Developer
Place of work
Nivy Tower, Mlynské nivy, Ružinov, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
immediately
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Resco is the leading provider of mobile solutions, empowering brands and their field teams with digital forms, guided workflows, and reports.
Join us and be a part of the Slovak company, delivering mobility for businesses across the planet for more than 20 years!
We, at Resco, strongly believe in providing organizations with simplicity and flexibility on their journey to digital transformation. Join us and work for the 2014‘s IT company of the year and author of mobile solutions enjoyed by customers such as UNHCR (United Nations Refugee Agency), Asahi (Pilsner Urquell), Heineken, Dräger, Kemp & Lauritzen, Danone, Bayer CropScience, Husqvarna, Volvo and 2000 more.
As a Junior .NET Developer at Resco, you'll be an essential part of our team, contributing to an ecosystem that powers mobile workforces globally. We're looking for a versatile and curious developer who is excited to learn and grow with us. If you're interested in expanding your skills beyond a single framework, this is the place for you.
Your primary responsibilities will include:
Multiplatform Development: Writing and maintaining C# code for our solutions that run across a wide range of targets, including mobile (iOS, Android) and desktop (Windows).
Back-End Services: Contributing to our core Resco CRM back-end service, which is also built on the .NET stack.
Engaging with Our Core IDE: You will work on Woodford, our development and configuration environment for consultants.
Front-End Work: Applying your skills and willingness to learn on the front end, primarily with TypeScript.
Collaboration and Problem-Solving: Working with senior developers to implement features, fix bugs, and participate in code reviews to ensure high-quality, robust solutions.
Wage (gross)
1 800 EUR/month
(depending on the professional qualifications and experience, salary may be subject to increase) + variable bonus
Employee perks, benefits
Work for the IT company of the year 2014, 3rd most profitable IT company of 2015, and
help us deliver mobile solutions to customers such as UNHCR, Heineken, Dräger,
Kemp & Lauritzen, Danone, Bayer CropScience, Husqvarna, and 2000+
International work environment
Training, language courses & international conferences
Relaxed and informal culture
Spring, summer, autumn & winter company events
Flexible working hours with a package of days for home office
Attractive bonus system
3rd pilar contribution
Annual budget that can be used for education, health, or well-being. You can also use
the MultiSport card to participate in various sports activities.
Information about the selection process
- English is a must
Must be able to read and comprehend English documentation
Must be able to read/write source code, comments and documentation in English
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Computer Science, Software Engingeering or other engineering degree. Self-taught programmers with experience and dedication are also welcome
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
C# - Advanced
.NET - Advanced
Azure DevOps - Basic
GIT - Basic
Experience in the position/sector
Developer with experience in enterprise or mobile development on other platforms is also welcomed
Number of years of experience
1
Personality requirements and skills
Education: A university degree in a technical field is a plus, but we're more interested in your passion for code. Talented, self-taught developers with demonstrable projects are strongly encouraged to apply.
Experience: We're looking for a motivated junior developer, ideally with some project experience or up to 1-2 years in a professional setting. The key is a solid foundation and a drive to learn.
Primary Technical Skills: A good grasp of C# and the .NET ecosystem is essential. This is the foundation of the role.
Front-End Interest: A strong willingness to learn and work with our front-end stack. You don't need to be an expert, but you need to be curious and ready to dive in.
Tools: Familiarity with version control, specifically Git, is expected. Experience with Azure DevOps is a bonus, but not a deal-breaker.
Language: A solid command of English (B2 level) is necessary for documentation and team communication.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Resco, founded in 1999, is one of the global leaders in developing field operations and mobile enterprise software solutions. The company enables organizations to use and collect business data in the field and digitize paper-based processes through state-of-the-art technology. The solutions enable integration of various CRM and ERP systems, including Microsoft Dynamics 365, Salesforce, or Resco’s standalone platform - Resco Cloud. Today, Resco empowers over 2,500 clients and 200,000 users worldwide and transforms their field operations and knowledge management.
Number of employees
100-149 employees
Contact
Contact person: HR team Resco
E-mail:
send CV
Interested?
Send your CV
and become a part of the tech family.
Send us your cv
Follow us
RESCO spol. s r.o.
Mlynské nivy 5 / 82109 Bratislava / SK-EU
Copyright © 2025 Resco spol. s r.o.
All rights reserved
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5172600
Dátum zverejnenia:
9.10.2025
2025-10-09
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
RESCO spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 800 EUR/month