O nás
Voľné pozície
Benefity
EN
SK
Staň sa súčasťou tímu vizionárov
Vytvárajme spolu budúcnosť kybernetickej bezpečnosti
späť na voľné pracovné miesta
Cybersecurity Enthusiast Wanted!
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 1 600 EUR/month
* Performance bonus 2 times per year up to 10% of the basic salary paid for the evaluation period(usually 6 months). 
* The final basic wage component can be increased accordingly to individual skills and experience of the selected candidate.
Contract type
full-time
Ready to kick-start your career in cybersecurity?
Join our dynamic Threat Analysis & Services team as a Security Monitoring Operator. Dive into the world of cutting-edge technologies and play a vital role in safeguarding our digital landscape.
This job is perfect for those looking to launch their cybersecurity career and be at the forefront of defending against digital threats.
Join us and become a key player in our mission to secure the digital world!
Functional Responsibilities and Duties
Immerse yourself in our global 24/7 MDR center, engaging in shift operations under the guidance of experienced experts.
Harness the power of security monitoring systems like EDR, XDR, SIEM, and SOAR to detect and mitigate threats.
Investigate security incidents, meticulously documenting adversary activity, and escalating as necessary.
Analyze client data to identify potential security risks and vulnerabilities.
Contribute to the continuous enhancement of our monitoring solutions.
Participate in threat hunting, intelligence gathering, and other proactive security measures.
Assist in crafting and maintaining low-level EDR, XDR, and SIEM rules.
Actively contribute to refining our MDR Security Toolset for maximum effectiveness.
Collaborate on the development and improvement of Incident Response guidelines and playbooks.
Prepare comprehensive reports for clients and engage in effective communication regarding incidents.
Contribute ideas and insights to the evolution of our security monitoring services and threat reporting systems.
Requirements
Education
Background in IT security preferred.
Advantageous to possess IT Security certificates or other relevant technological certifications (CEH, Windows, Unix, Network Security).
Cybersecurity certifications - We welcome candidates with cybersecurity certifications such as GIAC, RHCE, CompTIA, CRTO, Offensive Security, Security Blue Team, etc. However, we also encourage those without certifications to apply. While certifications can be advantageous, they are not required for this position..
Familiarity with forensics analysis or Incident Response is advantageous.
Experience
Previous experience in a SOC environment is beneficial.
Familiarity with security monitoring systems like SIEM or SOAR (Splunk, QRadar, Elasticsearch, ArcSight, etc.) is advantageous.
Participation in CTFs or similar cybersecurity competitions is a plus.
Knowledge
Fundamental understanding of Windows/Linux systems and their inner workings.
Basic scripting experience (PowerShell, Python, Javascript, Bash, LUA, etc.) is advantageous.
Knowledge of computer networks (IP address, ports, protocols, MAC address, etc.).
Upper intermediate English proficiency (B2).
Personal characteristics
Willingness to embrace 24/7 shift work for monitoring client environments.
Passion for continuous learning and growth in the cybersecurity domain.
Analytical mindset with acute attention to detail.
Ability to remain patient when processing large volumes of data.
Strong communication skills, both internally and with clients.
Independence and self-motivation.
Eagerness to delve into security monitoring.
Genuine interest and broad awareness of the cybersecurity landscape.
As part of the selection process, we reserve the right to verify the candidate's credibility and integrity, as well as checking publicly available information and references.
Kontaktná osoba
Marika Fiamínová
Poslať životopis
BENEFITY PRE TEBA
Flexibilita
Firemné podujatia
Benefity pre celú rodinu
Šport a zdravie Wellbeing
A ešte viac…
O ESETe
Spoločnosť ESET je globálnym lídrom v oblasti digitálnej bezpečnosti a je jedným z najväčších dodávateľov bezpečnostných riešení v Európskej únii. Zároveň je najväčšou a najoceňovanejšou IT firmou na Slovensku.
Už viac ako 30 rokov vyvíjame popredný softvér a služby zamerané na IT bezpečnosť a ochranu podnikov, kritickej infraštruktúry a domácností z celého sveta
Okrem vytvárania bezpečnostných riešení pre zákazníkov je našim cieľom aj aktívne prispievať k inovatívnej a zodpovednej spoločnosti v oblasti
vzdelávania
,
vedy
a
výskumu
.
V ESETe sú diverzita, rovnosť a inklúzia (DEI) neoddeliteľnou súčasťou firemnej kultúry. Sme hrdým signatárom a ambasádorom
Charty diverzity
. Snažíme sa vytvárať pracovné
prostredie
, kde sa každý cíti cenený a rešpektovaný. S otvorenosťou vítame záujem jednotlivcov zo všetkých prostredí -  vrátane rasy, pohlavia, veku, náboženstva, zdravotného znevýhodnenia, či sexuálnej orientácie.
Viac sa o nás dozviete na
našej stránke
.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5172534
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.11.2025
2025-11-03
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Network Administrator
,
IT Security Specialist
,
IT System Administrator
,
Systems Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
ESET, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 600 EUR/month