Senior Java Developer (AI powered & Backend)
Moxymind s. r. o.
Miesto práce
Bratislava, Slovensko (Pozícia umožňuje občasnú prácu z domu)
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
4 000 EUR/mesiac
Informácie o pracovnom mieste
Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednosti
We are now looking for a
Senior Java Developer (BE)
with great interest in AI tooling to work on a long term project for one of our clients operating in the telco industry . As a Senior Java Developer with us with you will leverage deep technical expertise in Java and advanced AI-augmented development practices to become a lead IT transformation.
As Senior Java Developer with us you will:
Lead hands-on development of the CRM domain transformation, applying AI-augmented development practices with tools such as Claude Code, Gemini CLI, and custom AI agents.
Design, configure, and orchestrate AI agents to automate code generation, refactoring, validation and review, testing, and documentation processes.
Drive the adoption of AI-first development practices, ensuring enterprise-grade quality, security, and scalability.
Design and optimize high-performance APIs and event-driven architectures leveraging Kafka, using AI tools for performance tuning and testing automation.
You should have:
Proven track record of leveraging AI-powered development tools such as Claude Code, Gemini CLI, and GitHub as well as experience with setting up AI Agents
Expert-level proficiency in Java and Spring Boot, utilizing AI tools to handle boilerplate code and accelerate focus on architecture and business logic.
Deep technical expertise in microservices architecture, distributed systems, and scalable backend engineering.
Strong background in CRM system transformations, including platforms such as Siebel and Salesforce.
Proven experience with Kafka, relational databases, and data migration strategies, ensuring robust and efficient data flow across enterprise systems.
Zamestnanecké výhody, benefity
Yearly budget for education
Yearly budget for tech appliances
Multisport card
Flexible working hours
Opportunity to work from home
Požiadavky na zamestnanca
Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelaním
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
Inzerujúca spoločnosť
Stručná charakteristika spoločnosti
Moxymind's vision is to create the best place to work for smart and talented people. We founded Moxymind in 2014 with the goal of making software testing better. We believe in innovation and progress. Better software, better world.
Počet zamestnancov
25-49 zamestnancov
Kontakt
Kontaktná osoba: Zuzana Skotnická
E-mail:
poslať životopis
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5172971
Dátum zverejnenia:
9.10.2025
2025-10-09
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Java programátor
Spoločnosť:
Moxymind s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 000 EUR/mesiac