Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Python Developer for Business Application
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
DT Technik team is good at task planning and resource coordination, providing fast response, clear and professional information that explains the essence of technical matters. We are willing to help solve problems, we have pleasant and friendly atmosphere at work.
Purpose:
We are seeking a talented and highly experienced Phyton Developer to join our dynamic team in Kosice .
Our tools are used in projects such as MBfD or FTTH self-build, as well as in the processes for providing individual customer connections or outdoor collocation. Our tool portfolio ranges from front-end assistants, add-ins, back-end assistants to workflow systems and is operated by us on virtual machines.
Other tasks include the creation of individual unit tests and E2E system tests, which are then kept up-to-date.
Transfer of libraries to a separate, globally usable repository.
What will you do?
In this role, you will be responsible for the operation of existing virtual machines and the applications running on them must be ensured, for example by updating existing frameworks.
Develop, and operate about 64 tools along the process streams of our IAA/ING tribe
Sought for operation and standardization or automation of tests and frameworks.
The specific tasks include:
Development of unit tests
Development of end-to-end tests
Merging of identical functions and frameworks as separate packages (NPM packages, such as NPM Check Updates, Validator Library, Tabulator Extension, Custom File Upload, Global Role System or Versionnumber)
Rework automation overview (requirements management)
Development of further functions in our Mercury plugin and our geo-server for geo-based planning
You will succeed if you:
Must to have skills:
Python 3
HTML, PyQGIS, JavaScript, Typescript, Node.js, Vue.js, Nuxt, CSS/SCSS, Pug (Jade), Webpack, Jira, GitLab
Geodata Processing, Bootstrap, Apache Tomcat, HA Proxy,
Linux, WFS/WMS Protocols, Camunda, BPMN 3.0
(not all skills required at the same time)
Databases (Desired):
PL/SQL (Oracle), Postgre, MariaDB
Nice to have skills:
Selenium, Gherkin, pyTest, Playwright, Supertest/Jest
Speak Languages:
English – Upper intermediate (B2)
German – Advantage
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Možná
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5172300
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.11.2025
2025-11-05
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Python Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month