SAP Inhouse Consultant - Logistics Execution & Warehouse Management (d/m/f)
ams-OSRAM International GmbH
Place of work
Nové Zámky, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
What we expect
For our innovative IT Logistics team, we are seeking a skilled SAP Inhouse Consultant in the areas of Logistics Execution (LE) and Warehouse Management (WM). Knowledge of Customs (GTS or equivalent) will be considered as a strong advantage. Knowledge of Transportation Management (TM) is desirable. If you have a solid functional and technical background and a passion for delivering high-quality solutions, we would love to hear from you!
Tasks and responsibilities:
As part of the global IT logistics team, collaborate with business stakeholders to analyze, design, and support SAP solutions aligned with logistics strategies
Provide subject matter expertise in Logistics Execution and Warehouse Management, including configuration, process design, and support
Support integration with 3rd-party logistics providers using IDOC technologies and customs compliance platforms (e.g., GTS, AEB, MIC)
Contribute to system process design, solution development, data migration and cutover activities in diverse and exciting strategic projects and continuous solution enhancements
Take part in our upcoming global transformation journey to SAP S/4HANA
Troubleshoot and resolve issues in logistics and warehouse processes, and provide escalation support when required
Collaborate with developers, Basis & Security, and integration teams to translate functional needs into technical solutions
Stay informed about SAP updates, emerging technologies, and industry trends to support continuous improvement
Employee perks, benefits
ams OSRAM
is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Diversity, equity and inclusion is strongly established in our corporate culture and we firmly believe it makes us more successful as a company. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment regardless of ethnic, national or social origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, color, religion, age, physical and mental abilities.
The ams OSRAM culture focuses on variety and innovation.
A more than motivating working atmosphere, combined with attractive training opportunities and performance-oriented compensation encourage our employees’ actions and promote their entrepreneurial spirit.An agile mindset, trust and integrity – for us at ams OSRAM, these values are not just empty promises, but an integral part of our corporate culture that we live every day. In fact, these are the key prerequisites for employees to fulfill even the highest requirements. Learn more about what you can expect from us!
Information about the selection process
Daria Berezova will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
E-Mail: daria.berezova@ams-osram.com
For data protection reasons, we only accept applications submitted through our applicant portal. This allows you to view the status of your application in your profile at any time.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
8
Personality requirements and skills
Who we are looking for
Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Logistics, or equivalent
Minimum 8 years of SAP ECC experience with a strong focus on Logistics Execution (LE) and Warehouse Management (WM)
First-hand experience in SAP S/4HANA is preferable, including system design, configuration, and deployment
Familiarity with Transportation Management (TM), Customs processes (GTS or integrations with solutions like AEB, MIC), and enhancement frameworks is a plus
Understanding of SAP integration methods (IDoc, RFC, CPI, etc.) and ability to work with development teams
Experience in end-to-end implementation and support of large-scale global SAP logistic projects
Good problem-solving skills and ability to translate business requirements into practical system solutions
Strong communication skills and ability to collaborate effectively across business and technical teams
Experience in Project Management methodologies such as Agile & Waterfall
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Bringing intelligence to light and passion to innovation
The ams OSRAM Group is a global leader in intelligent sensors and emitters. By adding intelligence to light and passion to innovation, we enrich peoples' lives. Our around 20,000 employees worldwide focus on innovation across sensing, illumination and visualization to make journeys safer, medical diagnoses more accurate and daily moments in communication a richer experience
Central Functions support the board as well as the business in achieving its strategic objectives. These are, for example, Information Technology, Human Resources, Logistics, Compliance, Finance and many more.
Contact
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5172839
Dátum zverejnenia:
9.10.2025
2025-10-09
lokalita:
Nové Zámky
Pozícia:
Consultant
,
IT Consultant
,
Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
ams-OSRAM International GmbH
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month