QA Engineer (Medior/Senior)
Moxymind s. r. o.
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 600 EUR/month
Final salary depends on candidates experience and skills.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are now looking for
Medior and Senior QA Engineers
to join long-term projects for our clients in industries such as energy and heavy machinery. You will be part of cross-functional teams, working on software testing solutions that ensure quality, reliability, and scalability. Depending on your skills and experience, you’ll be assigned to a project where you can make the biggest impact.
As a QA Engineer with us, you will:
Contribute to the quality assurance of applications through manual/automation testing.
Work on complex testing activities (functional, integration, regression, performance, user acceptance).
Analyze business requirements and create/execute manual and automated test cases.
Collaborate with developers, product owners, and end-users to resolve issues and ensure complete test coverage.
Prepare and maintain test plans, test cases, and test automation frameworks.
Track, document, and report on defects and test results.
Work in an Agile environment with CI/CD practices.
Employee perks, benefits
Flexible working hours & hybrid way of working (WFH)
Yearly education budget
Budget for appliances
Multisport card
English lessons
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Personality requirements and skills
Tech stack (preferred/nice to have):
Programming & Automation:
Python, Java, C++, JavaScript.
Testing Frameworks & Tools:
Selenium, Cucumber, JUnit, Robot Framework, JBehave, Appium, Playwright, Karate.
API Testing:
REST APIs, Postman, Wiremock, Proxyman.
Databases:
SQL (or other relational DBs).
CI/CD & DevOps:
Jenkins, Git, experience with automation in pipelines.
Other:
HCL Commerce, Apigee or other API gateways, load/performance testing, microservices testing, AWS or other cloud platforms.
What we expect from you:
At least 3 years of experience in software testing (manual or automation) for Medior roles.
At least 5+ years of experience in QA with provenleadership/mentoring a bilities for Senior roles.
Experience with automation framework design and development.
Knowledge of at least one modern programming language (Python preferred).
Proactive, flexible, and communicative team player.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Moxymind's vision is to create the best place to work for smart and talented people. We founded Moxymind in 2014 with the goal of making software testing better. We believe in innovation and progress. Better software, better world.
https://www.moxymind.eu/
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Zuzana Skotnická
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5172174
Dátum zverejnenia:
8.10.2025
2025-10-08
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
Moxymind s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 600 EUR/month