Senior Tax Analyst - Foreign Reporting & Compliance, EMEA Foreign Reporting & Compliance
Job ID: 3099168 | Amazon /Slovakia/ s.r.o.
DESCRIPTION
Amazon is seeking a Senior Tax Analyst to join its direct tax reporting team in Bratislava, Slovakia. This
            position will be responsible for tax reporting and tax compliance of Amazon’s legal entities located in the
            EMEA region (Europe, Middle East & Africa).
Key job responsibilities
Working within the EMEA Foreign Reporting & Compliance team, the Senior Tax Analyst will be required to:
Prepare / Review foreign income tax returns and other foreign tax filings and supporting work papers
Prepare / Review foreign income tax provisions under IFRS and/or Local GAAP
Prepare / Review estimated tax payments
Support income tax accounting and reporting under US GAAP for SEC reporting purposes
Prepare local income tax payments
Support international tax controversy teams on tax audits
Work with other stakeholders, including Accounting and Transfer Pricing teams
Assist with process improvement and automation implementation throughout the foreign tax reporting and
                compliance process, including use of Artificial Intelligence
Support regular reporting of key metrics to Management
Participate in special projects, as necessary
Support international tax compliance and reporting aspects of mergers and acquisitions (due diligence
                and integration)
Base pay for this position starts from EUR 2,960+ gross per month and salary depends on the skills and
            requirements, there will be further pay components such as a sign on bonus and the eligibility to
            participate in a restricted stock unit scheme operated independently by Amazon.com Inc. in USA. Company
            benefits apply subject to further terms, including annual membership in medical clinic, life insurance,
            retirement pension, meal voucher card, career development.
About the team
The Amazon tax department is a fast-paced, team-focused, dynamic environment. The mission of the EMEA Foreign
            Reporting & Compliance team is to comply with foreign local tax reporting requirements and manage the
            worldwide, tax-related filings of Amazon’s foreign entities.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s degree in tax, accounting, finance, or related field
Minimum 5 years’ experience working in tax
Business fluent in English. Italian language is a benefit
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experienced working on tax reporting and compliance matters
Experienced in fulfilling income tax compliance and reporting obligations for US or other multinational
                organization
Experience with tax compliance of Italy is a benefit
Experienced in design and automation of processes
Effective written and verbal communication skills
Collaborate team player who is comfortable with a fast-paced and dynamic environment
Excellent computer skills, including MS Office
Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is
            central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your
            passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data
            is a
            longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice
(https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page)
to know more about how we collect, use
            and
            transfer the personal data of our candidates.
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a
            disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process,
            including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit
https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations
for more information.
            If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5172903
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.10.2025
2025-10-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
,
Reporting Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Amazon Europe
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 960 EUR/month