We care deeply about the impact we make.
What impact do you want your career to make?
Content & Market Research Intern (part-time for students)
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
part-time, internship, work experience
POSITION
DESCRIPTION
Are you a forward-thinking, analytical, and proactive student interested in the world of strategy and consulting? If so, we invite you to apply for our Content & Market Research Intern position. As a group of practitioners, we work closely with our clients to support them in making data-driven decisions that propel their business forward. We focus on developing and delivering leading solutions whilst utilizing our strong connections with the wider European practices and global communities across Accenture. As we continue to grow, we are seeking a dedicated intern to join our Strategy & Consulting team and contribute to our mission.
In this role, you will work closely with our professionals to strengthen our team’s online presence and visibility through LinkedIn content planning and market & trend research. You will develop research-driven post ideas and create engagement timelines, while also supporting our consultants with strategic insights and analyses. Through this experience, you will gain hands-on exposure to both consulting and digital communication, and see your research contribute to our consulting work.
WHAT WILL
YOU DO
Contribute to building and maintaining our team’s LinkedIn presence, including preparing content plans and engagement timelines.
Conduct trend and market research to identify emerging trends, relevant topics, and insights worth sharing.
Develop valuable and relevant post ideas that connect our team’s expertise with real industry trends.
Collaborate with senior consultants to analyze data and market developments, providing actionable insights.
Assist in developing managerial summaries, reports, presentations, and strategic recommendations that support client projects.
Apply proven methodologies and frameworks to structure and communicate findings effectively.
WHAT WE
EXPECT
Active university student (3rd to 5th year).
Fluent in English and Slovak (spoken and written at least B2+).
Interest in technology and familiarity with the latest industry trends.
Curious about LinkedIn content creation and online engagement.
Excellent research and analytical skills.
Eagerness to contribute in a team-oriented environment.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Self-motivated and proactive approach.
Ability to think out of the box, work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment.
Independence and reliability.
WHAT WE
OFFER
Salary
7,5 EUR/hour
Accenture offers a competitive compensation package. As required by the Slovak law we state that the legal minimum gross base pay ranges from 7,50 € per hour depending on your professional and personal qualifications in the required areas.
Flexibility:
• Flexible working hours
Recognition:
• Multisport card
• Meal allowance
• Refer-a-Friend – get a bonus in the employee referral program
• Employee discounts on selected services and partners
• Employee assistance program
• Telehealth
• Health care in medical centers
Future:
• Training program
• Regular performance reviews focused on development and recognition
• Ongoing career guidance and mentoring
Interested?
Apply for this job
Similar career opportunities at Accenture
Sorry, we don't have any similar work positions for you at the moment.
Show all jobs
© 2020 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5172144
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.11.2025
2025-11-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Business Analyst
,
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
,
Marketing Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Accenture, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
7,5 EUR/hour