Analyst in Tax Operations, Tax Engine (PCTS)
Job ID: 3083132 | Amazon /Slovakia/ s.r.o.
DESCRIPTION
Amazon is seeking a highly motivated and detail-oriented Tax Analyst to join the Product Classification &
            Taxonomy Service (PCTS) Operations team in Bratislava, as part of the Global Tax Engine team. This role
            supports the customer and seller experience across Amazon’s global marketplaces, with a specialized focus on
            indirect tax.
The ideal candidate demonstrates strong analytical skills, sound business judgment, and a passion for solving
            complex problems. You will collaborate with global stakeholders across Tax, Product, Tech, Retail and Amazon
            Business teams by advocating on behalf of customers and sellers , resolving contacts related to tax
            calculation and strengthening Amazon’s customer-centric culture.
This challenging role is for the team, where we embrace ambiguity and conquer change. We are looking for a
            dynamic individual, who can be a driving force in our ever-evolving environment.
Base pay for this position starts from EUR 2133 gross per month and salary depends on the skills and
            requirements, there will be further pay components such as a sign on bonus and the eligibility to
            participate in a restricted stock unit scheme operated independently by Amazon.com Inc. in USA. Company
            benefits apply subject to further terms, including annual membership in medical clinic, life insurance,
            retirement pension, meal voucher card, career development.
Key job responsibilities
Partner with cross-functional teams—including Tax, Legal, Product, and Tech—to investigate and resolve
                customer issues.
Handle invoice related contacts related to tax calculation.
Review, update and publish content for customer service, seller support and customers/sellers.
Identifies necessary resources and designs optimal interfaces by adopting the end-user perspective.
Drive continuous improvement by identifying process inefficiencies and contributing to the development
                of scalable, automated calculation solutions.
Support the testing, validation, and rollout of new projects, including machine learning and AI-powered
                enhancements to tax calculation workflows.
Perform data analysis and generate reports using Excel, SQL, and other business intelligence tools to
                inform decision-making and improve operational performance.
Develop and maintain comprehensive documentation, including subject area guides, standard operating
                procedures, and knowledge articles for internal use.
Collaborate with global peers to create and finalize content required for legislative updates, project
                launches, or internal feedback loops.
A day in the life
A Day in the Life Your day will be a blend of creative problem-solving and strategic communication. You'll
            dive into tax calculation challenges, translate technical complexities into user-friendly content, and
            collaborate with cross-functional teams to streamline information delivery.
About the team
Mentorship & Career Growth
We’re continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earth’s Best Employer. That’s why
            you’ll find endless knowledge-sharing, mentorship and other career-advancing resources here to help you
            develop into a better-rounded professional.
Work/Life Balance
We value work-life harmony. Achieving success at work should never come at the expense of sacrifices at home,
            which is why we strive for flexibility as part of our working culture. When we feel supported in the
            workplace and at home, there’s nothing we can’t achieve in the cloud.
Inclusive Team Culture
Here at Tax Engine, it’s in our nature to learn and be curious. Our employee-led affinity groups foster a
            culture of inclusion that empower us to be proud of our differences. Ongoing events and learning experiences
            inspire us to never stop embracing our uniqueness.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
Minimum 2 years experience in technical support or customer service.
Proven expertise using ticket management systems and resolving customer/internal team inquiries.
Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills with experience in cross-team collaboration
                and problem-solving.
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel (formulas, pivot tables, data filtering, etc.).
Excellent attention to detail and ability to perform research.
Strong analytical skills and ability to work with large datasets.
Ability to manage competing priorities in a fast-paced, ambiguous environment.
Proven ability to dive deep into complex problems and propose scalable solutions.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Basic understanding of indirect tax, especially VAT, sales tax, or regulatory fees.
Basic experience with Machine Learning and Machine Learning Libraries (MML), and/or gen AI concepts.
Experience in client support, e-commerce, operations, or a multinational corporate environment.
Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is
            central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your
            passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data
            is a
            longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice
(https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page)
to know more about how we collect, use
            and
            transfer the personal data of our candidates.
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a
            disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process,
            including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit
https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations
for more information.
            If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5173318
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.10.2025
2025-10-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
,
Reporting Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Amazon Europe
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 133 EUR/month