Back to open positions
About PwC
Students and graduates
Experienced candidates
Mothers
Benefits
Place of work
Karadžičova 2, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
By agreement
Wage (gross)
From 1 900 EUR/month
(base salary is 1 600 EUR + regular monthly bonus 300 EUR for knowledge of the German language)
Operations and Digitalization Analyst with German language skills - Financial Transformations (m/f)
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you ready to turn strategies into successful projects? If
German is your strong suit
and you have experience in
banking, insurance, sales, service, or project management
— or you're simply passionate about these sectors—then you might be exactly who we’re looking for!
At PwC Intelligence Processes Center team
, it’s not just about being part of a large organization—it’s about understanding how things work across different companies. We operate at the heart of transformation, working in project teams that deliver everything from design to implementation of top-tier business and technology solutions for clients,
primarily in Germany.
We help them rethink how banks, insurance companies, and investment firms operate. You’ll be part of
international projects
where you’ll see the real impact of your work.
What will your role involve?
As an Operations Analyst, you’ll support transformation projects focused on operational efficiency and digitalization in the financial sector.
Assist in analyzing and optimizing operational processes in banking and finance
Contribute to projects focused on back-office and middle-office digitalization
Gather and process data for reporting and decision-making
Support implementation of tools like business analytics, RPA, and process mining
Communicate across teams and support day-to-day operations
Employee perks, benefits
Benefits you can enjoy while working at PwC:
Financial Rewards:
Benefit from regular salary reviews, performance bonuses and other special bonuses. Enjoy meal contributions and a cafeteria benefit system offering personalized choices.
Flexibility & Work-Life Balance:
Enjoy our hybrid working policy, flexible working hours, 2 extra days off during Christmas along with Sick-days. Every minute of your extra work is valued and compensated.
Career Development:
Engage in tailored internal and external training programs as well as structured career development plan.
Health & Well-being:
Access premium benefits such as physiotherapy consultations, Multisport card and medical center membership. Take advantage of our Well-being and Work-Life Coaching program.
Supportive Culture:
Participate in teambuilding activities and social events and join our employee referral program. Experience a culture with regular feedback and a supportive environment.
Global Opportunities:
Seize the opportunity for international assignments and work on diverse projects with international clients. Explore the world while working with the possibility of working from abroad.
Extra perks:
Use various discounts at partner companies such as cars, health care, beauty, culture or others. Transfer up to 4 telephone numbers at discounted rates.
At PwC, we value your effort, support your growth, and care about your health and well-being. Join us and experience a workplace where technology meets business—and your skills gain international relevance.
Personality requirements and skills
What makes you a great fit:
University degree in economics, business administration, business informatics, business engineering or a related field
Graduate or approx. 1 year of experience in banking, business analysis, asset/wealth management or consulting
Passion for technology and its business applications
Open-minded approach to finding innovative solutions and willingness to learn new tools
Strong interpersonal and communication skills—daily collaboration with clients and team
Motivated, ambitious, and team-oriented mindset
English at least B2 level
German and English fluency (C1 level)—you’ll be working with German-speaking clients and teams
Information about the selection process
Information about the selection process:
If you'd like to apply for this position, please click on the "Send CV" button below.
Data privacy announcement you can find here: https://pwc.to/2s8n2tn
We seek to hire people who are great at what they do and bring our behaviours to life in how they do it. Our PwC Professional framework guides us to work together to create a better tomorrow. Together, Trusted Leadership and Distinctive Outcomes are how we deliver on our purpose and strategy, serving our clients and living our values in every interaction, everyday. The PwC Professional framework defines the behaviours we’re all expected to demonstrate at PwC and what we look for in our future talent.
Are you ready to be a PwC Professional?
If the current position is not right for you but you have friends or acquaintances in your area who could also be interested in working with us at PwC, feel free to direct them to us. If we establish cooperation with a candidate recommended by you, you can receive a reward ranging from 300 to 1000 EUR, depending on the seniority of the candidate. You can find the referral form at this link: https://www.pwc.com/sk/en/careers/get-rewarded-for-recommending-candidate.html
Contact
Contact person: Frederika Strieskova
E-mail:
send CV
Send CV
Back to open positions
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5173809
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.11.2025
2025-11-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Consultant
,
Database Analyst
,
Financial Advisor
,
Financial Analyst
Spoločnosť:
PwC
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 900 EUR/month