Home
O Solar Turbines
Kariéra
Kontakt
Voľné pozície
EN
SK
Experienced Software Engineer (Python)
Place of work
Poštová 18, Košice, Slovensko (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 300 EUR/month
Information about the position
Join Solar Turbines!
As an Experienced Software Engineer, you will contribute in software development community in order to deliver information technology components based on client or customer requirements.
What will be your task at this position?
Responsibilities of the successful candidates are to design, test and develop software solutions such as features, capabilities of platform and whole applications that meet client or customer requirements.
Competent to analyze the requirements.
Competent to design, test and develop the software components that meet defined requirements.
Able to use best coding practices (libraries, frameworks, APIs) and standard design patterns in software development.
Works directly on complex application/technical problem identification and resolution.
Works independently on complex systems or infrastructure components that may be used by one or more applications or systems.
Able to mentor junior level team members.
Create and analyze visual diagrams and methods - logical technical diagrams, flowcharts and models - that document the complexity of delivered services.
Competent to troubleshoot and maintain existing code base in order to fix bugs or address client or consumer concerns.
Leverage Agile practices during the whole software development lifecycle.
Coordinate with product owner to plan, analyze, implement and maintain enhancements/upgrades and understand the use of a specific functionality as needed.
Collaborate with a team of software and test engineers, designers, and data scientists to optimize and iterate on software solutions.
Employee is also responsible for performing other job duties as assigned by Solar Digital management from time to time.
What do we expect from a suitable candidate?
Basic qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree or relevant experience in Software engineering.
Proven record of strong technical understanding and technical leadership.
3 years or more of relevant industry experience.
3 years or more of software engineering experience – Python backend or full-stack developer (Django preferred, knowledge of Flask and FastAPI)
some experience with frontend (e.g. HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS )
Understanding of microservice architecture
Understanding of REST standards
Strong experience and understanding of relational databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL)
Experience in using cloud services to build enterprise applications
Strong understanding of Agile methodology, preferable Scrum, Scaled Agile Framework.
Top candidates will also have:
Ability to operate as individual contributor in a small team of developers during implementation of development activities.
Interest in working collaboratively with engineering leadership, product owners, software developers and other stakeholders.
Ability to diagnose and troubleshoot production application issues.
Ability to work independently without any degree of supervision.
Ability to lead and mentor junior team members.
Responsibility to conduct peer reviews.
Deploying software using CI/CD tools such as Jenkins, Azure Devops etc.
Experience on Cloud services (preferrable AWS) and serverless applications
Experience in fast and real-time processing
Experience in distributed/asynchronous applications (message queues, cache, etc.)
Passion for technology and an eagerness to contribute to a team-oriented environment
Ability to adapt quickly to a complex environment
Pro-active thinking - being flexible and creative
Self-motivated mentality - individual with passion in latest technology trends.
Strong communication skills and the ability to collaborate with other team members.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Python - Advanced
Django - Skillful
API - Skillful
FastAPI - Skillful
Number of years of experience
3
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Solar Digital as Customer Service group of Solar Turbines is the global organization responsible for InSight Platform technology and the relentless innovation of the entire ecosystem, capabilities, and customer user experience. Solar Digital is obsessively customer-centric with a passion for cutting edge technology. With deep expertise in cyber-security, machine data acquisition, software development, product knowledge, analytics, and regional teams around the world, it is dedicated to deliver digital solutions for Customer success.
Main Mission is to provide world-class secure digital solutions for asset lifecycle management to ensure our customers success. Solar Digital is building better, smarter world through technology partnerships with its customers. Highest priority is to satisfy the customer through early and continuous delivery of valuable software and services.
Contact
Contact person: Victoria Petrenko
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5174844
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.11.2025
2025-11-20
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Solar Turbines Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 300 EUR/month