Python Developer
QORPO s. r. o.
Place of work
Odborárska 5, Bratislava
Contract type
trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Looking for the job of your dreams? Would you like to work on a next-generation IP like Pokémon or Counter-Strike and help create a marketplace and user interface for it?
Our team of game developers, amazing artists, and great marketers is passionate about creating immersive experiences that captivate players and keep them coming back for more. With our state-of-the-art studio equipped with the latest technology, you'll have everything you need to bring your ideas to life.
TOY LABS TECHNOLOGIES  is now looking for a skilled Python Developer.
Candidate requirements:
At least intermediate Python knowledge.
Experience developing REST APIs, backend services, and automated pipelines.
Experience with using relational or NoSQL databases (e.g. PostgreSQL, MongoDB)
Basic knowledge of event driven design, like event streams, message (e.g.RabbitMq)
Understanding of Ethereum and EVM-based Blockchains
Knowledge in crypto, blockchain, GameFi
At least 1 year of experience in Web3 projects.
Smart contract programming experience in Solidity
Good to have:
Experience with on-chain indexing and data management. (Graph, Subsquid)
Knowledge of encryption techniques relevant to EVM-based systems.
Familiarity with Typescript and frameworks like (Ethers.js, Wagmi)
Experience with toolkits for Ethereum application development (Foundry, Hardhat)
https://playontoy.com
Employee perks, benefits
• attractive salary, the final amount of evaluation will depend on the experience of the candidate,
• you will gain valuable experience and practice from an international company,
• you will work on projects with specialists whose experience can help you move forward in your career,
• work equipment and modern technologies that will help you achieve the best results on a daily basis (even at home),
• individual approach, we support talents,
• modern working environment
Expected date of completion of the selection process
30.11.2025
(there are still 27 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
Python - Advanced
Rest API - Advanced
Python Web 3 library - Advanced
Solidity - Advanced
TypeScript for Indexer - Skillful
Experience in the position/sector
3
Number of years of experience
3
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
TOY is an AI-powered Consumer Engine built for the gaming and entertainment industry, operating on an L3 blockchain network.
Its core mission is to solve the biggest challenge: distribution. TOY leverages blockchain to create a transparent, on-chain ecosystem that empowers users to monetize their skills, enhances content visibility, and drives engagement between players, streamers, and viewers.
By combining AI-driven discovery, smart audience targeting, and automated monetization, TOY ensures that the right games, streams, and content reach the right audience.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Pavol Strieborný
Tel.:
+421917414414
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5174001
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.10.2025
2025-10-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Python Programmer
Spoločnosť:
QORPO s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month