About us
Benefits
Jobs
Group Information Security & IT Risk Manager
Contract Type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
The final level of salary is dependent on skills, knowledge and experience of a candidate.
Place of work
SKY PARK Offices I Alto Real Estate, Bottova, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
About the job
At UNIQA, we’re committed to safeguarding our digital future. We’re looking for a proactive and detail-oriented professional to join our team in Bratislava and help shape the way we manage Information Security and IT Risk across the UNIQA Group – specifically in Austria for this Information Security & IT Risk Manager position. German is considered a requirement / key benefit for this position.
As a key player in our Group Security & Resilience team, you will:
Design, implement, and evolve key elements of the UNIQA Security Governance Framework, including tools and templates.
Align governance with legal requirements and the evolving threat landscape, ensuring compliance across UNIQA Austria and our IT service provider, UITS.
Steering the demand management process for new applications with focus on Information Security
Conduction of risk assessments on IT systems, infrastructure, and information assets, identifying and communicating security risks to senior stakeholders.
Collaborate with IT and application teams to define, implement, and monitor security measures and exceptions.
Perform internal controls and audits to validate the effectiveness of second-line defense activities in Information Security.
Support and lead projects that enhance Group Security and Risk Management capabilities.
Evaluate the security posture of suppliers and third parties as part of our Third Party Risk Management.
Improve reporting tools and processes to boost transparency and data quality.
Your skills & qualifications
5+ years of experience in Information Security, IT Risk Management, or related fields.
A strong command of Information Security & IT Risk Management, with a solid understanding of Resilience Management, Third Party Risk Management, and Process Management
A general overview of Physical Security and Data Protection topics
Hands-on experience with GRC tools, especially GBTEC BIC GRC
Familiarity with SAP Ariba is a plus
Excellent analytical and risk assessment skills, with the ability to translate complex risks into actionable insights
A structured, solution-oriented, and proactive mindset that thrives in dynamic environments
Outstanding interpersonal and stakeholder management skills, enabling you to collaborate effectively across teams and levels
Proficient in German
Our benefits
WHAT CAN WE OFFER YOU?
Glad you asked!
13th salary and performance-based bonus
Flexible working hours with possibility to work  from home up to 50%
3 sick days/year
Additional days off (eg. the last working day of the year, volunteering activities)
Pension contributions and discounts on UNIQA insurance products
Company phone available also for personal use
Car and bicycle parking
Contribution to Multisport card
German language course
Education allowance for your learning and development
Referral bonus
Positive working atmosphere
At UNIQA 4WARD, we are dedicated to providing equal opportunities to all employees and applicants. We respect and value each other regardless of race, color, ethnicity, cultural background, age, gender, gender identity or expression, nationality, religion, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We believe that diversity enriches our workplace and fosters a culture of inclusivity, respect, and collaboration.
What can you expect from our selection process?
First, our HR Specialist will reach out to you by phone for a short conversation.
Following this, for most of our openings, you can expect a first virtual interview with your prospective manager and team. The second round is typically conducted in person with the UNIQA 4WARD management team.
We are looking 4ward to meeting you!
For other job openings, please click here.
Contact person: Jana Lupová
E-Mail:
jana.lupova@uniqa.at
UNIQA 4WARD, organizačná zložka,
Branch office of UNIQA Insurance Group AG
Sky Park Offices, Bottova 7939/2A
811 09 Bratislava, Slovakia
www.uniqa4ward.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5174102
Dátum zverejnenia:
29.10.2025
2025-10-29
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
,
Risk Manager
,
Service Engineer
Spoločnosť:
UNIQA 4WARD, organizačná zložka
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month