PHP Programmer for Gaming Studio
QORPO s. r. o.
Place of work
Odborárska, Bratislava
Contract type
trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
4 000 EUR/month
Final amount is set after 3 months period trial.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Looking for the job of your dreams? Would you like to work on a next-generation IP like Pokémon or Counter-Strike and help create a marketplace and many tools for it?
TOY LABS TECHNOLOGIES is the ultimate destination for talented people who want to bring their skills to the next level, all while working in a modern and friendly environment. We have strategic partnerships with leading companies such as AWS and Immutable. Our team includes 70 members working full-time on a game with an upcoming TV show and movie.
Our team of game developers, amazing artists, and great marketers is passionate about creating immersive experiences that captivate players and keep them coming back for more. With our state-of-the-art studio equipped with the latest technology, you'll have everything you need to bring your ideas to life.
Now we are looking for a PHP Programmer for our gaming studio (Medior/Senior).
What you will do:
Manage the current proxy layer written in PHP, which heavily utilizes our internal microservices infrastructure
Develop standalone PHP applications (like e-shop for blockchain, virtual assets management, etc.)
Our requirements:
PHP8
Laravel 7 or higher (or 3+ years experience in another MVC framework)
OOP
Design Patterns
MVC architecture
Relational Databases
SQL language
NoSQL Databases
OpenSearch (ElasticSearch)
Messaging queues
Integration of 3rd party services (REST, GraphQL, etc.)
Understanding of HTTP protocol and overall web ecosystem
Basic Linux administration
Fluent in English
Basic knowledge of WEB3 space/technologies is an advantage
Personal qualities and skills:
Excellent communication skills at all levels, both technical and creative
Sharp eye for detail and quality
Strong teamwork ethic and positive mindset
Ability to meet deadlines
Perseverance, self-initiative, and independence
If you are looking for a challenge and want to mark your name in the history of top games, send us your CV. If you are selected, we will get back to you.
https://playontoy.com
Employee perks, benefits
​• attractive salary, the final amount of evaluation will depend on the experience of the candidate,
​• you will gain valuable experience and practice from an international company,
​• you will work on projects with specialists whose experience can help you move forward in your career,
​• work equipment and modern technologies that will help you achieve the best results on a daily basis (even at home),
​• individual approach, we support talents,
​• modern working environment
Expected date of completion of the selection process
30.11.2025
(there are still 27 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary without school-leaving examination
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
TOY is an AI-powered Consumer Engine built for the gaming and entertainment industry, operating on an L3 blockchain network.
Its core mission is to solve the biggest challenge: distribution. TOY leverages blockchain to create a transparent, on-chain ecosystem that empowers users to monetize their skills, enhances content visibility, and drives engagement between players, streamers, and viewers.
By combining AI-driven discovery, smart audience targeting, and automated monetization, TOY ensures that the right games, streams, and content reach the right audience.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Pavol Strieborný
Tel.:
+421917414414
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5174002
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.10.2025
2025-10-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
PHP Programmer
Spoločnosť:
QORPO s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 000 EUR/month