Technical writer / Technical marketer
DEMJÁN & DRŽÍK s. r. o.
Place of work
Technopol I, Petržalka, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, part-time, agreement-based (Temporary jobs)
Wage (gross)
2 000 EUR/month
or more based on your experience
(in the case of a full-time contract)
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you into latest technologies and having the skills and empathy for communicating them to less technical audiences? We're looking for someone to help bridge our R&D to current and prospective customers.
At DEMJÁN & DRŽÍK, we connect the worlds of engineering and archaeology. Our primary product, the Laser Aided Profiler (https://www.laseraidedprofiler.com), helps archaeologists digitize pottery fragments quickly and precisely. Building on its success, we have several new developments in the making - that's the point where a skilled communicator should start.
In our small team, your responsibilities will be varied:
user guides
brochures
web presentations
social media and blog posts
case studies
white papers
We are seeking:
solid technical understanding with hands-on approach
strong English writing and explaining skills
no-nonsense communication style (a must!)
basic aesthetics
video-editing skills welcome
If this sounds like you, we'll appreciate a brief cover letter and a couple of samples of your work. Nevertheless, enthusiasm and curiosity are more important here than formal credentials.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
The position is suitable for a fresh graduate
Yes
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
At DEMJÁN & DRŽÍK, we connect the worlds of engineering and archaeology. Developing specialized instruments together with consulting and services, we ensure archaeology is done appropriately for the 21st century.
Number of employees
5-9 employees
Contact
Contact person: Vladimír Držík
Tel.:
+421908728898
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5174816
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.10.2025
2025-10-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Marketing Specialist
,
Technical Writer
Spoločnosť:
DEMJÁN & DRŽÍK s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month