Computer System Validation (CSV) Consultant
Arcondis Solutions s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 890 EUR/month
The salary indicated is a tentative estimation and the final salary will be agreed after an interview, once we find out more about your experience and skills
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for an experienced Consultant in Computer System Validation and IT Compliance to lead CSV efforts for our life sciences client. We are hiring dedicated resources to work on a
specific client account
, where you’ll be involved in ongoing projects and support activities that are critical to the client’s success. This is not just a project-based role — it’s a chance to build deep domain expertise, long-term collaboration, and a meaningful career path.
You will ensure compliance with regulations like 21 CFR Part 11 and Part 820 by developing lifecycle documentation, test protocols, and reviewing technical documentation. Collaborating with customers´ IT, Quality, and Regulatory teams (QA eCompliance, Data Privacy), you will validate both new and existing systems while leveraging best practices in CSV, automation testing, and methodologies such as DevOps, Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, and ITIL.
Key Responsibilities
Lead and oversee computer system validation (CSV) efforts for life sciences clients, ensuring adherence to regulatory requirements such as 21 CFR Part 11 and 21 CFR Part 820, but not limited.
Develop and implement comprehensive lifecycle documentation for GxP relevant computer systems, including the creation and execution of test protocols.
Review technical documentation and support IT compliance strategies to maintain the security, reliability, and regulatory compliance of computer systems.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including IT, Quality, and Regulatory, to design and execute validation plans for both new and existing computer systems and digital initiatives.
Provide expert guidance and support on CSV and automation testing, ensuring best practices and regulatory compliance.
Experienced in DevOps, Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, and ITIL methodologies, with a strong understanding of industry best practices.
Employee perks, benefits
​• Referral bonus depending on level of person referred
​• Business mobile (also for private calls) and laptop
​• Heath-/Dentalcare costs coverage (up to 250EUR/year)
​• Allowance for foreign languages classes/sport and leisure activities (up to 200EUR/year)
​• 3 sick days per calendar year
​• 2 extra days off for your wedding
​• Social events (team-buildings and team-dinners)
​• Budget for trainings & certifications
​• Monthly events in Kosice (Office)
​• Free snacks & drinks in the office
​• Home Office upon agreement (or possibility to work from our office in Kosice)
​• Flexible working hours
• Become part of an established company with a start-up mindset (Self-organizing, flat hierarchy)
• Ice Hockey Tickets Discount (HC Kosice home games)
• Supplementary pension scheme (the third pillar) contribution
Information about the selection process
Please always submit your CV in English Language
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, Engineering, Pharmaceuticals, or a related field.
Minimum of 4 years of experience in computer system validation (CSV), hardware qualification, IT compliance, testing automation, or related disciplines.
In-depth knowledge of relevant regulations and industry best practices, including FDA regulations, EudraLex and GAMP5.
Proven ability to lead and manage multiple CSV projects and digital initiatives, including documentation development, testing efforts, and compliance assurance.
Experience with testing automation tools, process-controlled systems, application lifecycle management tools and paper-based testing
Strong communication skills with the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams
Expertise in cloud-based solutions, SAP, Clinical Trial Management Systems (CTMS), Veeva Vault, Manufacturing Execution Systems (MES), Laboratory Information Management Systems (LIMS), electronic Lab Notebooks (eLN), change management, deviation and CAPA processes, as well as experience with AI/ML, automation, and Robotic Process Automation (RPA) is a plus.
Strong facilitation skills with excellent organizational and interpersonal abilities.
Willingness to continuously improve and grow with new challenges
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Arcondis is a global professional services company with an exclusive focus on the healthcare and life science industries, with their particularly demanding requirements on quality and regulatory affairs.
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Arcondis Solutions
Tel.:
+421905869620
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5175294
Dátum zverejnenia:
30.10.2025
2025-10-30
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Consultant
,
IT Consultant
,
Quality Inspector
Spoločnosť:
Arcondis Solutions s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 890 EUR/month