Software Test Engineer
StreamUnlimited Slovakia s. r. o.
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 700 EUR/month
Competitive final salary based on skills and experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Perform thorough testing of cutting-edge audio devices to ensure quality and performance before they are launched to the market.
Independently conduct tests while also assisting and collaborating with the Testing team as needed to ensure smooth and efficient testing processes.
Run (pre-)certifications and support engineering teams in successfully achieving approvals of various music services, incl. Google Cast, Spotify and AirPlay.
Collaborate with developers to identify, report, and track bugs and defects.
Contribute to the continuous improvement of our quality assurance processes, as well as our initiatives to enhance testing efficiency and effectiveness.
Review and optimize existing test plans and bring in your own ideas.
Follow and help implement further QA best practices across the department.
Employee perks, benefits
​What we offer:
​• Truly flexible working hours: no fixed part
​• Informal work environment: virtually no bureaucracy
​• Complete freedom in the style of work: everyone can choose their own tools and approaches. In particular, OS, IDE, etc. are completely up to you
​• Collaborative and friendly, team-oriented, international work environment (we have 30 nationalities)
​• Challenging, innovative projects
​• Collaboration with the world’s leading technology companies (incl. trips to Asia and USA)
​• Thin management that is very approachable and part of the team - your ideas can make a difference
​• Growing company with various career possibilities​
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Výpočtová technika, Informatika
Language skills
English - Intermediate (B1)
Personality requirements and skills
Strong interest in software testing:
You're passionate about finding bugs and ensuring software quality.
Experience in software testing:
Prior experience in software testing, especially for embedded systems, is a plus.
Basic understanding of Linux:
Familiarity with the Linux command-line shell will be beneficial.
Experience with tools:
Experience with tools like JIRA and Git.
Ability to learn quickly:
You're a fast learner who can grasp new concepts and technologies quickly.
Attention to detail:
You have a keen eye for detail and can identify even minor defects.
Communication skills:
You can communicate effectively with developers, project leaders, and other stakeholders.
Proficiency in English:
Written and verbal communication skills in English are essential.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
StreamUnlimited Engineering develops software and electronics for audio streaming, voice assistant devices, wireless smart speakers and is the global leader in this field. Our solutions are used by Premium Consumer Brands, as well as manufacturers of Smart Home products. We also develop Connectivity solutions for other industries, i.e. medical technology. StreamUnlimited is a main player in the field of Google Cast, Google Voice Assistant and Amazon Alexa and is also the worldwide certification house for Google Cast. We operate offices in Bratislava, Vienna, Shenzhen and Silicon Valley.
Although being already a medium sized company and a serious, well-recognized player in industry, we prefer to keep the company attitude as a friendly group of highly skilled people who enjoy the work they do. We do not torture our employees with an insane amount of bureaucracy. On the contrary, we respect everyone's flexible working hours, we have a minimum number of meetings and we encourage our engineers to select the tools and the approach for the given task. Also, the management aren't the guys in suits whom you never meet, but they are an active part of the team effort – everyone can speak to them, present ideas and actually make a difference!
Enjoy the fun of playing hard in the high technology league, to beat Asian competition by being more creative, more innovative, faster, better. It is possible! Check out www.StreamUnlimited.com to learn more about us.
Number of employees
100-149 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Eduard Ševc
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5175354
Dátum zverejnenia:
14.10.2025
2025-10-14
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Data Station Testing Specialist
,
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
StreamUnlimited Slovakia s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 700 EUR/month