Junior Project Manager for Exciting IT Delivery Projects
ADASTRA, s.r.o.
Place of work
Blumental Offices, Mýtna 48, 811 07 Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
asap
Wage (gross)
From 1 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable. We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you curious about the world of IT and want to learn how real projects come to life? This is a unique opportunity to join a professional team and learn directly from experienced project managers.
We’re looking for a
Junior Project Manager
who’s eager to grow in a fast-paced IT environment and get hands-on with exciting projects in data and technology.
We’re looking for talent that isn’t afraid to think proactively and creatively.
You’ll support exciting IT Delivery projects from start to finish - on time, on budget, and at top quality. If you’re organized, proactive, and ready to take your first step into IT project management, we’d love to meet you!
Job description
Support experienced Project Managers in the daily delivery of IT projects of high quality, on time, within budget, and with the required functionality.
Help organize internal meetings and coordinate communication between teams, clients, and partners.
Handle project administration and documentation.
Prepare and maintain timesheets, project records, and reports.
Contribute to pre-sales activities with our account and sales teams.
Gradually take more responsibility as you grow in the role and build your PM skills.
Employee perks, benefits
​​• You will have an immense opportunity and our support to grow professionally, working on leading data analytics projects and technologies in the region
​​• You will work in an environment which will stand behind you, support you in your growth, and which will value your work through competitive salary and a bonus structure
​​Professional growth
​​• Access to the latest technology and know-how
​​• Personalized professional development plans
​​• Young, dynamic and professional team
​​• Potential to work on international projects
​​• Unmatched opportunities for professional growth
​​• Adastra Academy - wide range of leading-edge trainings & certifications, workshops, language courses
​​Sport & Health
​​• Adastra Skiing – four days in Austria
​​• Adastra Health Check Voucher
​​• Adastra RUN – support of running activities
​​• Adastra Teambuilding activities
​​• Multisport card, which grants access to hundreds of different gyms, studios and swimming pools
​​Family-oriented benefits
​​• ADASTRA family weekend – a weekend spent in the Slovak mountains hiking and a full-weekend program for children (creative workshops, carnival, etc.)
​​• Birthday present
​​• Wedding bonus
​​• New baby bonus – one day off and a financial bonus​​
Information about the selection process
We look forward to working with you, and you becoming an Adastran!
In case of interest, do not hesitate to send us your Curriculum Vitae in English language. We will contact only candidates who match the profile we are looking for. Thank you for your understanding.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
and
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
Driving licence
B
Number of years of experience
1
Personality requirements and skills
University degree (Master’s degree)
1+ years of experience in  project management
Background in one or more of these industries: banking, insurance, finance, telecom, or retail
Solid understanding of software development and IT services
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Fluent in Slovak and English (C1)
Driving license (B)
Proactive, flexible, customer-focused, and driven
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
At Adastra, we transform the Data & Analytics space by providing cutting-edge Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Cloud, Digital and Governance services. Our consultants specialize in transforming enterprise applications and collaborate across functions, competencies, and sectors to help our clients harness and leverage their data assets, accelerate innovation, improve operational excellence, and create unforgettable customer experiences.
Adastra has been recognized as one of Canada’s Best Managed Companies for 16 consecutive years, reinforcing our position as a best-in-class organization known for strategic excellence, innovation, and culture. People are at the core of Adastra's capabilities, and the Adastra Group has 2,500 consultants actualizing projects across 13 global branches. In 2020, the group's annual revenue crossed $230 millions. For more information, please check www.adastracorp.com
Number of employees
100-149 employees
Contact
Contact person: Dáša Noskovičová
Tel.:
+421911160750
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5176571
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.10.2025
2025-10-16
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
ADASTRA, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month