Senior IT Engineer Infrastructure
PRO Business Solutions s.r.o.
Miesto práce
Trnavský kraj
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Termín nástupu
ASAP or by agreement
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
4 000 EUR/mesiac
Informácie o pracovnom mieste
Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednosti
For our client we are looking for an experienced Senior IT Engineer Infrastructure. This global role is a senior expert in IT infrastructure technologies supporting the client’s global IT infrastructure estate. The tasks of the Senior IT Engineer Infrastructure are to, together with other colleagues in the IT Infrastructure team, create an IT infrastructure environment that is lean, safe, efficient, and constantly kept up-to-date for all internal clients' sites worldwide.
The Senior IT Engineer Infrastructure should be an expert on IT infrastructure technology and the experts for the market trends and best practises in the IT infrastructure area, reconciling the business requirements with the IT management, designing and maintaining the related tools and processes and assure continuous improvement of the same.
It is also the task of the Senior IT Engineer Infrastructure to support the IT Service Support organisation to conduct the IT service and support for the IT Infrastructure services.
Senior IT Engineer Infrastructure also has a key responsibility to assure the information security requirements of the domain, proactively working with securing the IT infrastructure assets and will have a key role in the case of IT security incidents.
Senior IT Engineer's main responsibilities:
Helping build a strong and resilient IT Infrastructure team that can efficiently support all IT requirements and be the proactive innovator, keeping the IT Infrastructure area constantly up to date.
Training the less senior IT colleagues in IT infrastructure technologies.
Creating a global IT infrastructure hardware /software standard covering all legitim requirements in the IT infrastructure area.
Creating an IT infrastructure target landscape that is kept up to date.
Creating a stable and secure cloud Hyperscalers landing zone where server workloads can be moved when due for renewal.
A playbook for how to move DC workloads to the cloud Hyperscalers.
A SDWAN covering all clients´ locations and the relevant cloud providers.
A standard LAN setup to be deployed at all locations, enabling all (relevant) VF end-user hardware to connect to the LAN with no effort.
Assure that a continuous improvement mindset is always present in all IT infrastructure activities. Drive the efficiency improvement in the IT Infrastructure team.
Zamestnanecké výhody, benefity
The work environment in a global marketplace.
Work in a flexible and friendly environment.
Systematic education and career opportunities.
Informácie o výberovom konaní
Vopred ďakujeme za zaslanie životopisu v slovenskom a anglickom jazyku.
Každý kandidát od nás dostane odpoveď ohľadom možnosti zúčastniť sa osobného pohovoru a výsledku výberového konania.
Môžete poslať životopis, aj keď nespĺňate všetky požiadavky alebo naopak máte vyššie nároky, napríklad na mzdu. Máme aj iné pracovné ponuky, prípadne vám môžeme ponúknuť ďalšiu pracovnú ponuku aj v budúcnosti.
Poznáte niekoho, pre koho je táto pracovná príležitosť zaujímavá? Odporučte nám ho. Pri vybraných pracovných príležitostiach ponúkame za odporúčanie odmenu 300 EUR vo forme darčekových poukážok, info nájdete na našej stránke www.probs.sk.
Predpokladaný termín ukončenia výberového konania
17.11.2025
(ostáva ešte 14 dní)
Spoločnosť, pre ktorú je pozícia obsadzovaná
Ostatná priemyselná výroba
Our client is one of the world’s leading companies in the food production industry.
Požiadavky na zamestnanca
Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelaním
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
vysokoškolské III. stupňa
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Stredne pokročilý (B2)
Osobnostné predpoklady a zručnosti
Long time experience of working in the IT infrastructure area.
Certification of IT infrastructure technologies / products as well as ITIL or other ITSM certifications is a plus.
Expert knowledge and experience in the configuration of hyperscale technologies (preferable Azure).
Experience in designing and building a secure, hardened, hyperscale infrastructure
Expertise in migrating on premise datacentre workloads to cloud hosted infrastructure
Expert knowledge and experience in virtual server technologies (VMware, HyperV)
Expert knowledge and experience in datacentre storage technologies (physical SAN and vSAN)
Expert knowledge in datacentre back up replication and disaster recover solutions
Experience working with cloud based immutable back up solutions
Expert knowledge in configuring cloud storage (AWS, Azure)
Experience working with data centre network technologies
Extensive experience working with Windows server technologies
Strong people skills focused on developing colleagues into senior infrastructure roles
Good written and verbal communication skills to document and transfer knowledge to the wider team
A team player with a can-do attitude and approach to working
Keen ability to prioritise workloads through effective time management
Understanding of business value created by IT, specifically in the area of IT infrastructure
Fluent in English
Inzerujúca spoločnosť
Stručná charakteristika spoločnosti
Personálna agentúra PRO Business Solutions s.r.o.
Headhunting · ‎Executive Search · ‎HR consulting
Špecializujeme na oblasť personálneho poradenstva a služieb. Spájame profesionálov z rôznych oblastí. Vieme zastrešiť služby od výberu zamestnancov najmä formou Executive Search, Headhuntingu a Recruitmentu, cez rozvojové programy formou Development Center a Koučingu až po zisťovanie informácií o názoroch, postojoch, či motivácii zamestnancov formou prieskumov.
Medzi našich klientov patria veľké nadnárodné spoločnosti, ale aj menšie lokálne firmy.  Naše riešenia sú efektívne, komplexné a individuálne nastavené podľa vašich potrieb.
Sme profesionáli a vážime si váš čas.
Hodnoty ako úcta či rešpekt ku klientom sú pre nás samozrejmosťou.
Našou snahou je spoznať vaše reálne potreby a pomôcť vám ich naplniť.
Mária Harvaníková
PRO Business Solutions - Vaše riešenia
www.probs.sk
Spoločnosť je držiteľ povolenia na sprostredkovanie práce.
Počet zamestnancov
3-4 zamestnanci
Kontakt
Kontaktná osoba: Peter Vyslúžil
Tel.:
+421949123440
E-mail:
poslať životopis
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5176515
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.10.2025
2025-10-16
lokalita:
Trnavský kraj
Pozícia:
IT analytik
,
IT architekt
,
IT konzultant
,
IT projektový manažér
,
Špecialista IT bezpečnosti
Spoločnosť:
PRO Business Solutions s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 000 EUR/mesiac