O nás
Voľné pozície
Benefity
EN
SK
Staň sa súčasťou tímu vizionárov
Vytvárajme spolu budúcnosť kybernetickej bezpečnosti
späť na voľné pracovné miesta
Service Designer
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 2 800 EUR/month
* The final basic wage component can be increased accordingly to individual skills and experience of the selected candidate.
* Financial bonus based on performance paid twice a year up to 10% from the base salary paid during the evaluation period (normally 6 months).
Contract type
full-time
Would you like to define the User Experience for a global software company with more than 100 million users? The User Experience Team at ESET is looking for a talented designer with passion for innovation and the motivation to take the design and usability of our products, services, and related touch points to a new level.
As a member of global User Experience Team at ESET headquarters, you will utilize your previous experience to shape the future of ESET security products and services for business customers around the world, including some of the most famous global corporations (airlines, banks, car manufacturers and others).
ESET is a leading creator of security solutions and protects customers in 200+ countries and to continue to provide a world-class experience for our users and we are expanding our UX efforts and team. This makes ESET an unusually interesting challenge for new and experienced designers.
About the role
As a member of the User Experience Team, you will work closely with other designers as well as stakeholders from technology, business, and other departments to define the best possible experience for our users. You will have responsibility for the experience of one or more products, services, and other relevant touch points. You will participate in all parts of the design process including research, design, and validation.
As a Service Designer, you will shape and maintain the end-to-end experience and delivery of our service that creates value for users, foster continuous innovation, and maintain market relevance. You will lead the creation and maintenance of service blueprints, conceptual frameworks, user journeys and flows, ensuring alignment across a complex ecosystem. Your responsibilities will include conducting regular user research, identifying pain points, and proposing actionable improvements. You’ll define value propositions, service promises, and experiences that shape future service blueprints and journeys and support the design, testing, and scaling of services to ensure development aligns with the aspired service experience and delivery standards. You will collaborate with diverse stakeholders, ensuring alignment across teams with service goals and vision.
This role requires a proactive, systematic, and solution-oriented attitude, ability to manage multiple requests, and drive initiatives independently. If you thrive on connecting the dots, navigating complexity, and creating clarity for users and stakeholders alike, this is the role for you.
Responsibilities
Map end-to-end service blueprints, including user journeys and flows, interfaces and maintain them, along with necessary documentation
Work closely with product managers, other UX designers, SMEs technical stakeholders and business stakeholders to align on service goals and vision
Continuously evaluate service performance and propose enhancements based on feedback and data
Develop and validate service concepts through low-fidelity prototypes or pilots
Collaboratively iterate your designs with many different stakeholders
Validate ideas and designs through user research and analytics
Translate research findings into actionable improvements for services and processes
Clearly articulate research insights, service design decisions and rationale to stakeholders at all levels
Participate in team critiques and reviews
Contribute to the full spectrum of UX activities within the team
The qualities we value
Deep empathy for users and ability to translate their needs into service improvements
Systematic thinking, understanding complex ecosystems, and mapping interactions across multiple touchpoints
Solution-oriented, addressing issues by proposing scalable improvements balancing business and user needs
Excellent communicator who can clearly express ideas, facilitate discussions, and bring diverse stakeholders into alignment
Proactivity and independence, taking initiative, managing multiple requests, and driving projects forward autonomously
What makes you a great fit
At least 2 years of experience with Service Design in Business environment
Education in UX, Interaction Design, Visual Communications, Architecture, Product Design or related field
Experience working on complex digital products designed for specialized users
Confidence in articulation of new services and concepts in words and visuals
Ability to understand technical topics
Proactive attitude and problem-solving skills
Strong communication skills, the ability to explain complex concepts with clarity and confidence
Business proficiency in English, both verbally and in writing
Bonus points
Experience with B2B environments and complex platforms
Experience with Product design
Experience with user research
Familiarity with tools such as Jira, Confluence
What we offer
The chance to grow personally and professionally
A culture that values collaboration, learning, transparency and feedback
Sounds interesting?
If you’d like to apply, please send samples that best represent your skills. For team projects, be sure to highlight your specific role. Most importantly, we’d love to see how you think, solve problems and approach challenges. We especially like seeing conceptual models, blueprints, journeys and flows. Please don’t send only polished screens - we’re just as interested in the process behind the pixels
Kontaktná osoba
Marika Fiamínová
Poslať životopis
BENEFITY PRE TEBA
Flexibilita
Firemné podujatia
Benefity pre celú rodinu
Šport a zdravie Wellbeing
A ešte viac…
O ESETe
Spoločnosť ESET je globálnym lídrom v oblasti digitálnej bezpečnosti a je jedným z najväčších dodávateľov bezpečnostných riešení v Európskej únii. Zároveň je najväčšou a najoceňovanejšou IT firmou na Slovensku.
Už viac ako 30 rokov vyvíjame popredný softvér a služby zamerané na IT bezpečnosť a ochranu podnikov, kritickej infraštruktúry a domácností z celého sveta
Okrem vytvárania bezpečnostných riešení pre zákazníkov je našim cieľom aj aktívne prispievať k inovatívnej a zodpovednej spoločnosti v oblasti
vzdelávania
,
vedy
a
výskumu
.
V ESETe sú diverzita, rovnosť a inklúzia (DEI) neoddeliteľnou súčasťou firemnej kultúry. Sme hrdým signatárom a ambasádorom
Charty diverzity
. Snažíme sa vytvárať pracovné
prostredie
, kde sa každý cíti cenený a rešpektovaný. S otvorenosťou vítame záujem jednotlivcov zo všetkých prostredí -  vrátane rasy, pohlavia, veku, náboženstva, zdravotného znevýhodnenia, či sexuálnej orientácie.
Viac sa o nás dozviete na
našej stránke
.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5176957
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.10.2025
2025-10-16
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
User Experience Expert
Spoločnosť:
ESET, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month