Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
part-time, internship, work experience
Ponúkaná mzda (brutto)
From 7,1 EUR/hour
Data Engineering Intern
Orientačná celková mzda (brutto)
From 7,1 EUR/hour
At Dell Technologies, we are always looking for the next generation of innovative thinkers to drive our business forward. As an intern, you will have the opportunity to work on meaningful projects, partner with professionals across the globe while gaining knowledge about our business. Our mission is to enable the future generation of professionals to create strong networks, achieve critical experiences, and develop core skills that position you for career success.
Do you want to solve some of the hardest problems for business leveraging AI?  Our data scientists & engineers are helping to shape our marketing strategy for a digital world.
Join us to do the best work of your career and make a profound social impact as a
Data Engineering Intern
on our
Demand Intelligence team
in
Bratislava, Slovakia
.
What you'll achieve
As a Data Engineering intern, you will create and manage large datasets and support complex AI and LLM solutions to support key marketing activities at a global level.
We offer you a fast-paced work environment in a diverse team with exposure to Dell teams across the globe. You will be part of a dynamic, collaborative and cross-functional team focused on making significant business impacts.
You will:
Build and manage large complex datasets.
Validate data from various database sources, investigate issues with data, ensure data quality.
Optimize our pipelines to drive scalability.
Collaborate with other data engineers and data scientists.
Essential Requirements:
Daily University student in the field of Computer Science, Mathematics, Data Science or relevant technical field
Data Modelling Knowledge
Solid SQL Knowledge.
Attention to detail, Critical thinking, and open to learning.
Salary starting from: 7.10eur / hourly
Who we are
We believe that each of us has the power to make an impact. That’s why we put our team members at the center of everything we do. If you’re looking for an opportunity to grow your career with some of the best minds and most advanced tech in the industry, we’re looking for you.
Dell Technologies is a unique family of businesses that helps individuals and organizations transform how they work, live and play. Join us to build a future that works for everyone because Progress Takes All of Us.
Application closing date: 30th November 2025
Dell Technologies is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Read the full Equal Employment Opportunity Policy here.
Job ID:
R280376
Benefity
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5176903
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.10.2025
2025-10-17
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Database Analyst
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Dell Technologies
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
7,1 EUR/hour