IT Service Manager for SiTax
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 2 000 EUR/month
From 2000 + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
The IT Service Manager will be part of the global Siemens Healthineers IT team and will work closely with colleagues from SHS IT FS.
Task and Responsibilities
You are the End2end responsible for one or more global services, e.g. in the area of Quality, Legal Compliance or Real Estate
You are the contact person for the SHS IT FS organization on all technical as well as service-related questions
You manage the product backlog and coordinate the technical implementation of IT service adjustments resulting from internal business requirements
You are responsible in creating and tracking of a roadmap as well as release management
You run the test management for the respective service
You plan and coordinate the go live together with your stakeholders, e.g., incl. user acceptance tests
You manage the different vendors involved in the provisioning of the Service
You will ensure IT System compliance (e.g., regarding quality, information security and data privacy regulation)
You will ensure the integration of IT solutions in the company’s ecosystem
Education:
Preferably you hold a university degree in information technology, computer science or in a related field
Preferred technical Skills:
You are experienced with various information technology areas (e.g., Software as a Service, Public Clouds, etc.).
You are also experienced in one or more of the following areas – IT Service Management, Internet technologies, Project management, Agile frameworks, etc.
You are knowledgeable in IT system architecture and SW development
You are experienced in Requirement Engineering
ITIL certification is a plus
Ideally, you have experience in the area of building access management systems, e.g. SiPORT
Non-Technical Skills:
With your analytical and structured approach, you manage the product backlog with global requirements and their interdependencies
You have high customer orientation and analytical skills which both helps you to identify, discuss, and clarify product requirements together with the global stakeholders
You are a team player and your ability to discuss relevant business topics in English are the basis for efficient and appropriate communication with colleagues and partners around the globe
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards
: starting from 2000 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of work from home & work from office(telework / homeoffice)
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Multisport Card – employer's contribution of 10 EUR
Recognition and Reward program
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5177421
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.10.2025
2025-10-17
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month