Cyber Security Professional - Risk-Management Expert (Cyber Security Governance)
Place of work
Lamačská cesta, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Start date
ASAP / By agreement
Contract type
full-time
Salary
2 800 EUR/month
From 2 800€
brutto/month + variable bonus*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience.
About us
Siemens
We are a technology company focused on industry, infrastructure, transport, and healthcare. By combining the real and the digital worlds, we empower our customers to transform their industries and markets, helping them to transform the everyday for billions of people.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
At Siemens Grid Software, our mission is to accelerate and secure the energy transition in a sustainable and profitable way. And for that, we need you! We are paving the way for autonomous grid management, empowering grid operators to accelerate their digital transformation easier, faster, and at scale.
By leaving behind traditional ways of tackling the net zero challenge and embracing the powerful capabilities of software and digital technology, we turn the complexity of grids into a competitive advantage. No matter where power comes from or where it goes, we make sure it makes its way at every step.
Find out how Siemens Grid Software is decoding the future of energy.  Within the Grid Software business unit, CYS is responsible for all Cyber Security Activities.
Join our team, get inspired, and help us re-imagine the world!
Position Overview:
We are seeking an experienced Cyber Security Professional for Risk-Management to oversee and implement the SI Grid Software Risk-Management. This individual will lead and manage the Risk-Management strategy and program within the Grid Software division in line with the overall Grid Software and CYS strategy. The ideal candidate will possess an excellent cyber security background incl. experience in handling / evaluation of Risks, strong team-player incl. Senior Management communication. A good understanding of power grids and SW-Development / Product is a clear benefit.
Key tasks and responsibilities:
Development and Implementation of the Grid Software Risk-Management program / framework including necessary process steps and guidance in line with the overall Siemens AG Risk-Management. Align with representative of the respective business unit including communication and alignment with the Senior Management.
Identify functional enhancement along the Risk-Management process, including IT-system landscape and defining necessary improvements
Engage directly with Business stakeholders to understand current approach, develop tailored Risk-Management processes
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including other business units to align, implement and operate the Grid Software Risk-Management strategy program
Acting as a “bridge” between technical experts and management, oversee Cyber Security Risks and actively contribute to transparency and resolution
Oversee Risk-Management implementation process
As Part of a multinational team, you actively contribute to the improvement of internal cyber security processes
Additionally, you support internal Cyber Security Audits and provide support on measures to effectively address cyber security vulnerabilities
Provide mentorship, performance feedback, and professional development support to team members
Represent SI Grid Software CYS at conferences, forums, and in thought leadership activities
Required Qualifications:
5+ years of professional experience in Cyber Security
Master´s degree in Cyber Security, Computer Science, Business Informatics or bacherlor´s degree combined with additional professional experience (e.g. in a regulated environment / critical infrastructure)
Solid knowledge in ISO270xx series, ISO31000 as well as other security standards such as NIST, SOC2 and IEC 62443
Certification like PMP / IPMA / Prince equivalent project management certification, CISA or CISM are an advantage
Preferred Skills:
Proficiency in English, both in verbal and written communication, is essential
You should already have experience in gathering and requirement specification of IT-systems and implementation of operational processes, as well as implementing transformational and technologically complex programs
Working in a conceptual and structured manner and possess strong communication skills
Analytically and independently mindset
Ability to drive and implement processes growth in a complex organization
Excellent communication and stakeholder engagement / networking skills, across all hierarchical levels incl. senior-management level
Solution oriented, proactive and well-organized
Experience with grid digitalization, smart grid, or advanced analytics projects
Exposure to international energy markets and regulatory environments
What We Offer:
Opportunity to work in a global technology leader
An inclusive and flexible way of working, with a focus on everyone's personal well-being
Flexible Welfare programs and health insurance that can be extended to your family
A results-driven organization where dedication and a growth mindset are recognized
A collaborative, innovative, and mission-driven work environment
Professional development pathways and leadership growth opportunities
Access to Siemens’ cutting-edge tools, resources, and global network
A value-driven culture: trustful, respectful, open, honest, and empowering.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Cyber Security / Computer Science / Business Informatics
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Home office, telework
Flexible working hours (9:00 – 15:00), short Fridays
Bridge days – 3 days/year
Sick days – 3 days/year
Additional paid leave
Cafeteria system - BenefitPlus = 300 points / € per year
Contribution to 3rd pillar pension up to 3% of gross salary (after the employment trial period)
Sick leave compensation and Sick Leave to Care for a Family Member compensation (up to 100% of salary, 20 days/year)
Childbirth bonus of 300€
Contribution for attending a preschool facility (200€)
Contribution for representative sports activities
MultiSport
2 SIM cards with discounted employee flat rate also for family members
Employee referral bonus up to 2 000€
Opportunity to invest in the purchase of Siemens shares
Discounts for employees (electronics, language courses, vacation stays...)
Discounted employee´s loans
Wellbeing program, Health Day, team-building program
Education in various fields of your choice
Work anniversary present and life anniversary contribution
Valuable gift on the occasion of retirement
How it looks here
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5178329
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.10.2025
2025-10-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Manager
,
IT Security Specialist
,
Risk Manager
,
Risk Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month