C# / .NET Software Developer for the heart attack analyzer
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 2 100 EUR/month
From 2100 + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Apply now for the position of a skilled Software Developer with expertise in C#, .NET to join our dynamic team and you will play a key part in designing, developing, and maintaining an innovative medical product - Atellica® VTLi Patient-side Immunoassay Analyzer
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk/cardiac/cardiac-systems/atellica-vtli
.
Your role:
Design, develop, and maintain embedded software application using C#, .NET 8, MVVM architecture, and the Avalonia framework.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to gather requirements, design software solutions, and implement new features.
Write clean, efficient, and maintainable code that adheres to best practices and coding standards.
Develop and maintain unit tests to ensure software quality and reliability.
Participate in code reviews to provide constructive feedback and improve overall code quality.
Your expertise:
Bachelor’s degree in software related engineering or related discipline and/or an equivalent combination of education and technical experience.
Experience in software development using C# and the .NET framework.
Understanding of MVVM (Model-View-ViewModel) architecture and its application in software development.
Experience with XAML for designing user interfaces.
Solid understanding of software design patterns and principles.
Experience with version control systems such as Git.
Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
Strong communication and collaboration skills.
Ability to work effectively both independently and as part of a team.
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards:
starting from 2100 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably.
Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of telework and work from office
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Counseling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5178248
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.10.2025
2025-10-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 100 EUR/month