Pracovné ponuky
O nás
Kontakt
Product Owner
Remote work
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
dohodou
Popis pracovnej pozície
Main Tasks:
As the Product Owner, you will be responsible for maximizing the value of the product resulting from the work of the Scrum Team. The Product Owner is the main role in the communication between Business and IT.
You will be also responsible for effective Team Backlog management, which includes:
Coordinates dependencies in collaboration with other Product Owners, Product Management and the Release Train Engineer during PI Planning.
Collaboration with Product Manager on business priorities;
Involved in ART backlog refinement and preparation and execution of PI Planning, contributing to Vision and Roadmap
responsibility for refining and prioritizing the Team Backlog (User Stories, Enabler Stories). Establishes the sequence of backlog items based on ART priorities, user value, time and other team dependencies
Creating and clearly communicating Team Backlog items;
Ensuring that the Team Backlog is transparent, visible and understood.
Collaboration with the Team and ensuring understanding of the requirements;
Transforming business requirements into IT language;
Defines and refines Stories: defines Stories and establishes the User Acceptance Criteria along with Agile Team members.
Accepts Stories: ensures that the User Stories and Enabler Stories meet the customer needs and the Definition of Done
Conduct business analysis to identify opportunities for product improvement and innovation.
Work closely with stakeholders to gather, clarify, and document business requirements.
Facilitate workshops or sessions to elicit requirements and validate solutions with business and IT.
You will represent needs of many stakeholders and especially Product and Program Manager in ART Team.
Čo ti ponúkame
2 500 EUR/month
Salary from 2500 EUR, 13th and 14th salary
Thanks to flexible working hours, at UNIQA GSC, you can arrange your day to suit your needs.
For new colleagues, we have prepared a comprehensive welcome package.
Every employee receives a daily meal allowance of € 8,80.
We offer  language courses in German and English , along with a diverse range of vocational training opportunities.
A 13th and 14th salary is guaranteed for all UNIQA GSC employees.
We contribute to the third pillar of the supplementary pension savings  and also provide accident insurance coverage for our employees.
We regularly organize events for employees such as  Christmas parties, summer celebrations, sports days and more.
If you are a sports enthusiast, you will certainly appreciate the Multisport card we offer.
Si ten správny kandidát?
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Job specific competencies:
- Experience with working in Agile teams and understanding the roles and responsibilities of different agile roles in an agile team setup
- Experience working with various business stakeholders to develop robust, scaleable, flexible, and fit-for-purpose software solutions
- Know-how in insurance solutions
- Ability to analyze business processes, interpret data, and provide  actionable insights to support product decisions
- Ability to lead cross-functional teams of technical, design and business expertise in an agile manner, and to motivate these teams
- Excellent oral and written communication skills in English
- High degree of interpersonal skills, able to work within a culturally   diverse workplace and to resolve conflicts
- German is an advantage
- Team player
O UNIQA GSC
UNIQA Group Service Center Slovakia, spol. s r.o.
UNIQA Group Service Center Slovakia, spol. s r.o.,  je dcérskou spoločnosťou rakúskeho poisťovacieho koncernu UNIQA Group Austria. Firma sa člení na úseky Software Service (SWS), Cross-Border Service (CBS) a Back Office Service (BOS) a Nearshoring (NES).
Prioritnou činnosťou úseku SWS je vývoj a údržba softvéru pre komerčné poisťovne patriace do skupiny UNIQA. Koncentruje sa najmä na systém INAS, ktorý je určený pre správu portfólia poistných produktov, poistných zmlúv a poistných udalostí, klientských, partnerských a účtovných údajov. V posledných rokoch sa dostáva do popredia vývoj moderných webových aplikácií nadväzujúcich na systém INAS.
Úsek CBS, ktorý vznikol v roku 2006, sa zaoberá správou poistných zmlúv a likvidáciou poistných udalostí klientov rakúskeho poisťovacieho koncernu.
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Ingrid Vagačová
Tel.:
+421904933679
E-mail:
send CV
Poslať životopis
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5178133
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.10.2025
2025-10-20
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
IT Project Manager
,
Product Manager
Spoločnosť:
UNIQA Group Service Center Slovakia, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month