Data/Application Engineer (Python, PySpark, SQL)
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
By an agreement
Wage (gross)
2 400 - 4 000 EUR/month
The final salary offered will depend on the candidate's experience and knowledge + attractive benefit system of the company. Only possible on permanent employment.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
You will cooperate closely with other engineers on maintaining and enhancing an IT application. The application is embedded in an environment that serves the business and integrates with other systems and platforms. It is currently in production and operational use. The mid-/long term plan is to migrate the solution to different platform.
We follow agile methodologies (daily stand-up, bi-weekly sprints, product increments) and utilize DevOps practices.
Responsibilities
Create new solultions, implement change requests, bug fixing and adequate test cases for system/application
Optimize application performance and ensure secure, scalable deployments in palantir foundry & azure environment.
Maintain code quality and automated testing using CI/CD pipelines.
Provide operational support and troubleshooting of the production issues
Ensure processing of reporting deliverables, data feeds in due time according to closing cycles
Operational support, monitoring and issue handling within the team
Produce (and maintain) system & application documentation
Employee perks, benefits
- flexible working time
​​- hybrid type of home-office
​​- kindergarten - available in our building
​​- yearly salary re-evaluation
​​- sick days
​​- MultiSport card
​​- mental & medical health support
- public transport donation
Information about the selection process
Feel free to send your CV to pavel.stojka@sourcefirstinternational.com
We always have several positions for IT Specialists not only in Slovakia and the Czech Republic, but also on foreign projects.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.1.2026
(there are still 89 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our client is a leading international tech company and provides a wide range of products and services.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Personality requirements and skills
Four or more years' experience as a data/application or full-stack engineer
Familiarity with CI/CD concepts and tools using Azure DevOps or equivalent platforms
Good knowledge and work experience on automated testing (Jest, Junit) or test driven-development approach
High level of abstraction, fast understanding, conceptual thinking, and strong problem-solving skills
Experience with project management methodologies and tools (preferably Azure DevOps)
Ability to work in agile teams using tools like Azure DevOps or Jira
Excellent communication skills and ability to collaborate across global teams
Strong knowledge of SQL and databases (e.g. Postgres SQL, Oracle)
Proficient in Python, PySpark (Spark) and TypeScript (or JavaScript)
Willingness to learn new technologies and languages
Proficiency in English (written & verbal)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Pavel Stojka
Tel.:
+421902235479
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5178762
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.10.2025
2025-10-21
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 400 EUR/month