O SPOLOČNOSTI
NAŠE SLUŽBY
PRE KANDIDÁTOV
KONTAKT
Data model specialist
Information about the position
Place of work:
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross):
From 3 000 EUR/month
from 3000,-Euro/month (final monthly basic salary is based on candidate´s professional experience, skills and knowledge)
Start date:
dohodou
Contract type:
full-time
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Analyst - Developer will work with a variety of different stakeholders and is offered the opportunity to join a dynamic, growing, globally connected team of professionals. The person will be responsible for a set of tasks related to reporting, database integrations, database analysis and performance tuning while supporting the existing  Power BI  platform. A successful candidate will provide coverage for daily operational tasks as well as long term projects.
	Responsible for the analyst, testing, and deployment of  Data modelling, Data visualization,  Data Analytics solutions that satisfy the requirements of the programme of work
	Create and maintain backendData models for the existing platforms, development Python /PySpark or Scala
	Support users and team in activities related to reporting and databases
	Provide coverage for data integration tasks and updates
	Provide coverage for analytical tasks related to database and reporting
	Communicate with all stakeholders, developers and users that participate in this domain
	Perform routine database maintenance and programming tasks to optimize performance and data integrity
	Suggest analytical and technical solutions for assigned projects
Employee perks, benefits
dynamic and multicultural work environment
 latest knowledge, methods and tools, and training to support those
 large company benefits and career possibilities
 good team spirit
Information about the selection process
* We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. Your actual final salary is based on your professional competencies, skills, qualifications and experience matching the position.
If you are interested in our offer, send your CV in Slovak or English to anna.spasova@prohr.sk. Please, specify the position of your interest in the subject of message.
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
International company
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
IT Development
Number of years of experience
2
Personality requirements and skills
	2+ years on a similar position
	Experience with Data modelling, Data visualization,  Data Analytics
	Experience in the development Python/PySpark or Scala  solutions, in addition to the ability to translate requirements into creative, innovative and effective models solutions
	Excellent analytical skills and ability to understand complex data models
	Microsoft SQL Server development and administration
	Common understanding of databases and relational principles
	Experience with ETL, SSIS and reports development
	Scripting experience using Microsoft platform
	Optional – previous experience on a Business Analyst role
- Previous experience within the IT industry or Financial Services on a similar IT field as above, will be considered a strong advantage.
- Demonstrable project implementation experience, working as part of a wider team of technology specialists
- Strong team player within a team of specialists
- Attention to detail
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Pro HR, s.r.o. je personálno-poradenská spoločnosť špecializujúca sa na oblasť služieb recruiting & selection, executive search a HR consulting. Svojim klientom poskytujeme individuálny prístup k riešeniu otázky zabezpečenia kvalifikovaných zamestnancov. Pro HR realizuje vyhľadávanie a výber kandidátov aktívnym a priamym spôsobom prostredníctvom služieb recruiting & selection a executive search.
Konzultanti spoločnosti permanentne mapujú trh, poznajú aký typ zamestnancov sa nachádza v spoločnostiach s podobným zameraním klienta, príp. konkrétne vhodné pozície s ich náplňou a zodpovednosťami v iných spoločnostiach. Na základe ich znalosti je možné priamo osloviť potenciálne vhodného kandidáta s požadovaným súborom znalostí a skúsenosti.
Spoločnosť Pro HR, s.r.o. sa v oblasti vyhladávania a výberu kandidátov špecializuje na cieľovú skupinu:
1. nižší, stredný, vyšší manažment
2. špecializované pozície – financie, predaj & marketing, logistika & nákup, procesy a kvalita, project management & stratégia + support, CRM
3. IT/telco technické pozície, Help Desk pozície (IT a telco špecialisti, programátori, analytici, SW architekti, projektoví manažéri, atď.)
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
10-19 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Anna Spasová
Tel.:
+421 2 6241 3438, +421 911 525 022
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5178905
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.10.2025
2025-10-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
,
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
,
Reporting Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Pro HR
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month