Medior/Senior Java Engineer (Java, Springboot, Azure/AWS/GCP)
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
Based on agreement
Wage (gross)
3 000 - 5 000 EUR/month
Final salary depends on candidate´s experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
For our client we're looking for talented  Java developers who can deliver well-structured, maintainable code and contribute to robust architectures for microservices, APIs, security, and data management. In this position, you’ll play a central role in enhancing and supporting internal insurance technology systems, primarily using Java and the Spring Boot framework. You’ll work within one of client´s core engineering teams, developing critical features that directly affect business outcomes
Key responsibilities include:
- Writing and reviewing clean, efficient code that aligns with client´s engineering standards.
- Collaborating with a diverse team of engineers, QA professionals, and requirements analysts.
- Contributing to architectural decisions and creating documentation to support technical strategy.
- Integrating third-party services and internal platforms, including messaging tools, workflow engines (BPMN), logging systems, and telemetry frameworks.
- Keeping up with new technologies and AI-driven solutions to enhance client´s products.
Employee perks, benefits
​​- flexible working time
​​- hybrid type of home-office
​​- kindergarten - available in our building
​​- yearly salary re-evaluation
​​- sick days
​​- MultiSport card
​​- mental & medical health support
​​- public transport donation​​
Information about the selection process
Please send your CV to martin.lukac@sourcefirstinternational.com
We always have several positions for IT Specialists not only in Slovakia and the Czech Republic, but also on foreign projects.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.12.2025
(there are still 58 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our client is a leading international tech company and provides a wide range of products and services.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Personality requirements and skills
​- Expert knowledge of Java and Spring Boot with proven experience across the entire software delivery lifecycle
​- Previous public cloud experience, particularly with Microsoft Azure
​- Comfort and proficiency working with large and established codebases, spending significant time in the IDE​
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Martin Lukac
Tel.:
+421902235397
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5178634
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.10.2025
2025-10-21
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Java Programmer
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month