Unleash
Your
Power
About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Senior Release Train Engineer
Apply Now
Date posted:
20.10.2025
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 3 850 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is € 3850 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Senior Release Train Engineer
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our new Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
In this role at our state-of-the-art center, you will have the opportunity to grow your skills and create solutions that will benefit patients around the world. Become the heart of our internal innovation engine.
At Takeda we unite in diversity!
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive workplace, where individuals are recognized for the diverse backgrounds and abilities they bring to our company. We are continually improving workplace experience and accessibility for everyone, and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our Team.
The Opportunity
As Senior Release Train Engineer your primary responsibility will be to govern the continuous delivery pipeline process for the Agile Release Train, working with diverse teams who drive our delivery success. You need to have experience managing Scrum teams in a distributed working model.
In this role, you will facilitate the Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) Agile Release Train (ART) processes and program execution, escalate impediments, manage risk, and help drive program-level continuous improvement. Your duties will include overseeing the various stages of platform/product development and collaborating with the platform management, development teams and scrum masters. You will also be responsible as a servant leader to enable the deployment and integration of new products/features across the cloud platform.
Key responsibilities:
•	Facilitate the end-to-end agile release processes, ensuring efficient coordination and synchronization across Agile Release Train (ART).
•	Facilitate ART events such as PI (Program Increment) Planning, System Demos, Inspect and Adapt Workshops, and Scrum of Scrums, ensuring effective communication and alignment across teams.
•	Provides status updates regarding Agile Release Train plans/delivery/timelines/impediments to stakeholders and leadership while communicating within the Agile Release Train to support delivery against program commitment
•	Manages risk including dependency management, impediment removal and compliance with Takeda standards and other policy requirements
•	Measures Agile Release Train delivery, maturity, and performance, and reviews results with Agile Release Train to identify improvement opportunities, and determine/track product funding and resource acquisition needs
•	Measure team delivery, maturity, and performance and review the metrics with the team to identify improvement opportunities.
•	Use dashboards to track, verify & report content readiness against priorities and baseline capacity of teams.
•	Perform hands-on training/coaching to teams in all aspects of Lean-Agile.
•	Lead roles and teams to embrace a Lean-Agile and learning mindset.
•	Help increase adoption of SAFe within organisation through roadshow and other events.
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high-end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to bit.ly/icc-bts-benefits
- Cafeteria
- Medical - High standard medical care
- Bridge days
- Summer Hours
- Multisport Card
Your application and any and all conversations that occur with the recruiter, HR, and the hiring manager as part of that application will be treated in the strictest confidence.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
•	Ideally, minimum of three years of hands-on experience of working as a Release Train Engineer (or Solution Train Engineer) within an organization that has 50-150 people within an Agile Release Train
•	Have strong understanding of Agile methodologies (e.g., SAFe, Scrum) and experience working within Agile frameworks.
•	Familiar with modern software development practices, DevOps principles, and CI/CD pipelines.
•	Hold certification in Agile methodologies (e.g., SAFe RTE, CSM, PSM) is highly desirable.
•	Speak English at least at C1 level (excellent written and verbal communication).
•	Experience in working with a multi locational matrix organization where solution development and delivery is done across multiple ARTs/Product Areas/teams
•	Experience in coaching and mentoring teams in agile and SAFe
•	JIRA, JIRA Align, TargetProcess and Confluence tooling experience
•	Ability to track and monitor health of a Planning Interval quantitatively and qualitatively
•	Have excellent interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate with cross-functional teams and stakeholders at all levels.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5178437
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.10.2025
2025-10-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
,
Scrum Master
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 850 EUR/month