Unleash
Your
Power
About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Agile Project Manager
Apply Now
Date posted:
20.10.2025
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 2 100 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is € 2100 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Agile Project Manager
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our new Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
In this role at our state-of-the-art center, you will have the opportunity to grow your skills and create solutions that will benefit patients around the world. Become the heart of our internal innovation engine.
At Takeda we Unite in Diversity
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive workplace, where individuals are recognized for the diverse backgrounds and abilities they bring to our company. We are continually improving workplace experience and accessibility for everyone, and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our Team.
The Opportunity
​We are seeking a highly skilled Project Manager with an Agile background. We’re looking for someone with Agile project management experience and a strong grasp of data-related projects—ideally someone whose strengths lie more in Agile PM than in deep data expertise alone.
​As a pivotal member of our ICSS team, you will play a critical role in driving the successful implementation of solutions across our matrixed organization. If you thrive in a dynamic environment and possess a keen understanding of both traditional and agile project methodologies, we invite you to join our dedicated team. ​
Responsibilities:
•	Lead, plan and oversee the end-to-end deployment of digital systems solutions some of them within GXP and SOX regulations, ensuring adherence to regulatory requirements and industry best practices.
•	Collaborate seamlessly with multiple teams across our matrixed organization, acting as a bridge between technical and business stakeholders to deliver integrated and impactful solutions.
•	Leverage your extensive IT delivery experience to guide and mentor teams throughout the project lifecycle, facilitating smooth execution and delivery of complex IT projects in an agile framework.
•	Employ your in-depth knowledge of software development lifecycle (SDLC), to assess project requirements and select the appropriate methodology to achieve optimal project outcomes.
•	Analyze project complexities and variables, making informed decisions on methodology application, while continuously assessing and adapting strategies for maximum efficiency.
•	Champion a culture of continuous improvement, driving the refinement of processes, methodologies, and best practices based on evolving industry trends and lessons learned from past projects.
•	Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams in different locations, fostering effective communication, knowledge sharing, and alignment to achieve project milestones and goals.
•	Manage project budget, track expenses and report financial performance ensuring financial efficiency of the assigned project.
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high-end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to bit.ly/icc-bts-benefits
- Cafeteria
- Medical - High standard medical care
- Bridge days
- Summer Hours
- Multisport Card
Your application and any and all conversations that occur with the recruiter, HR, and the hiring manager as part of that application will be treated in the strictest confidence.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
+3      years of proven track record of leading data-related project in Agile      environment and the ability to navigate complexities and deliver optimal      outcomes.
Strong      proficiency in collaborating with multiple teams within a matrixed      organization to drive successful solution implementations.
A      deep understanding of various software development models, along with the      ability to effectively manage agile projects based on project context.
Ability      to mentor project team stakeholders for effective implementation of scrum      framework.
Excellent      communication skills, allowing you to facilitate discussions, present      ideas clearly, and foster collaboration among diverse stakeholders.
A      proactive and adaptable mindset, coupled with the ability to thrive in a      fast-paced, dynamic environment.
Preferred:
Pharmaceutical      Experience: Preferred for understanding industry nuances.
Relevant      certifications in agile project management, IT delivery, or agile      methodologies.
Experience      in delivering projects using the Waterfall methodology.
Domain      Expertise: Life Sciences or Social Sciences proficiency.
Regulatory      Knowledge: Familiarity with FDA cGMP/GLP, GXP or SOX regulations.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5178444
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.10.2025
2025-10-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
,
IT Manager
,
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 100 EUR/month