Unleash
Your
Power
About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Senior Platform Architect
Apply Now
Date posted:
20.10.2025
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 5 400 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is € 5400 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Senior Platform Architect
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our new Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
In this role at our state-of-the-art center, you will have the opportunity to grow your skills and create solutions that will benefit patients around the world. Become the heart of our internal innovation engine.
At Takeda we unite in diversity
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive workplace, where individuals are recognized for the diverse backgrounds and abilities they bring to our company. We are continually improving workplace experience and accessibility for everyone, and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our Team.
The Opportunity
The Senior Digital Health Platform Architect defines and evolves the architectural backbone of Takeda’s next-generation digital health platform. Reporting directly to the Head of Digital Health Platforms, this is a key role responsible for translating strategic infrastructure goals into actionable architecture that supports both regulated and non-regulated digital health products, in different maturity states.
The architect works closely with the Head of Development and his teams to ensure developer-facing tooling, architectural clarity, and platform evolution are aligned with the needs of high-performing internal squads. While existing platforms continue to be maintained, the focus is on building future-ready infrastructure that is modular, compliant, and scalable.
This role actively drives processes around technology decisions, ensuring architectural choices reflect lifecycle, strategic value, and integration flexibility. The guiding principle is to build a modern tech stack and own what matters—our core infrastructure—while remaining open to outside integrations where they add value.
Responsibilities
Platform Strategy & Roadmap
Define      and maintain the architectural foundation for all platform options, with      strategic emphasis on future-facing infrastructure.
Embed      architectural ownership for strategic products to support iteration speed,      integration flexibility, and long-term viability.
Ensure      platform infrastructure supports modular, compliant, and efficient      development of Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) from day one.
Support      documentation and SaMD readiness strategy in coordination with the      Compliance lead.
Partner      with Product & Enablement to ensure architectural assets are      discoverable and actively used.
Work      with cross-functional stakeholders to automate processes around approval      and implementation, including empowering the company to use Agentic AI to      ease the load of our human colleagues.
Platform Architecture
Represent      Digital Health (alongside the team lead) in Architecture committees, and      drive the Digital Health agenda.
Align      with security, data, enterprise architecture, and QA/RA teams to ensure      cohesive architectural practices.
Define      reusable architectural patterns and shared principles that support      regulated and non-regulated use cases.
Design      reference architectures and assess gaps, proposing remediation or      mitigation strategies.
Apply      Takeda’s build-vs-buy decision framework to determine when infrastructure      must be internal versus vendor-hosted.
Actively      drive architectural decision-making processes across teams and      stakeholders.
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high-end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to bit.ly/icc-bts-benefits
- Cafeteria
- Medical - High standard medical care
- Bridge days
- Summer Hours
- Multisport Card
Your application and any and all conversations that occur with the recruiter, HR, and the hiring manager as part of that application will be treated in the strictest confidence.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience.
Minimum 7 years’ experience in platform architecture, systems design, or digital health infrastructure.
Strong communication skills with ability to explain architectural concepts to diverse audiences.
Experience working with senior leadership and cross-functional teams.
Deep understanding of regulated and non-regulated digital health product lifecycles.
Fluent in English.
Self-starter with a collaborative mindset and outcome-driven approach.
Deep technical expertise in platform architecture, cloud-native design, and secure infrastructure.
Ability to translate strategic product needs into scalable architectural solutions.
Strong communicator and influencer across technical and non-technical stakeholders, including compliance, product, and executive teams.
Experience designing infrastructure for regulated digital health products and SaMD readiness.
Skilled in API governance, modular integration, and lifecycle-based architecture decisions.
Preferred:
Experience in life sciences or healthcare technology.
Familiarity with SaMD development and validation processes.
Knowledge of Takeda’s digital health strategy and infrastructure priorities
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5178844
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.10.2025
2025-10-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Architect
,
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
5 400 EUR/month