Systems Engineer in Test
BTCS Slovakia s. r. o.
Place of work
Pribinova 4, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
From 2 800 EUR/month
The final salary depends on the individual experience and skills of the selected candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the Role:
We are seeking a highly skilled Systems Engineer in Test for with a strong background in C# programming and hands-on experience with automation testing in Selenium. In this role, you will be responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining robust automated test suites to ensure the quality and reliability of our applications.
You will be a part of our cross-location test team and work closely together with other development teams in various domains to ensure a high level of testability and quality in an message driven and distributed system landscape.
​
Key Responsibilities:
Design and build automated test using C# and Selenium
Collaborate with development teams and stakeholders to define test suites.
Identify, analyze, and report software defects and participate in root cause analysis
Integrate automated tests into CI/CD pipelines to support continuous testing and deployment
Stay up-to-date with emerging trends and best practices in test automation and software quality assurance
Mentor junior test engineers and contribute to the improvement of test automation processes
Employee perks, benefits
​Exciting projects in the crypto space
Friendly and supportive team culture that relies on positivity
Flexible organization of your working hours
Christmas bonus
Company shares
Home-office
Workation: Enjoy the flexibility of working across designated EU countries, with up to 10 days a year to combine work and travel
Multisport card
Information about the selection process
Online Personal Interview
This call is about getting to know each other. We want to know more about your background, motivations and expectations and at the same time you can ask us your questions.
Technical Interview
In the technical interview, we have a few tasks for you to learn more about your skills. You will also have the opportunity to get to know the team and the workplace.
We will contact only candidates, who fit our needs. By sending your CV, you agree with processing of your personal data.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
2
Personality requirements and skills
Required Skills & Qualifications:
Proven experience as a Systems Engineer in Test, with a focus on C# and Selenium
Strong proficiency in C# programming and compartmentalization principles.
Hands-on experience with behavior driven testing, like SpecFlow
Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced, agile environment
​
Preferred Qualifications:
Familiarity with CI/CD tools (e.g., Azure DevOps, Jenkins) and version control systems (e.g., Git).
Experience with API testing and performance testing tools
Experience with Swagger and/or Postman
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Bitcoin Suisse is the Swiss crypto-native pioneer and trusted gateway to crypto asset investing. As a crypto broker, we operate across the most relevant crypto exchanges and provide brokerage, custody, staking and other crypto-related services at the forefront of technical innovation. We are as dedicated to our clients as we are passionate about cryptocurrencies and the underlying blockchain technology. We make things happen and have helped to shape the crypto and blockchain ecosystem in Switzerland as a driving force in the development of the ‘Crypto Valley’. Bitcoin Suisse is headquartered in Zug and targets (ultra-) high-net-worth individuals and institutional clients
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Lujza Petríková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5178463
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.10.2025
2025-10-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
BTCS Slovakia s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month