ServiceNow Technical Consultant (Javascript)
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
3 000 - 4 500 EUR/month
+ attractive benefit system
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for experienced ServiceNow Consultant.
Responsibilities:
- Interpreting client requirements, and implementing or even designing effective ServiceNow solutions. (Analysis, development...)
- Your technical proficiency will actively contribute to presales activities.
- You might be leading workshops for clients and/or facilitate team meetings.
- The tasks on the projects vary from team leadership to technical expertise and we offer you your preferable mix of competencies.
Employee perks, benefits
Projects aligned with consultant preferences.
Clear career path with guidance and mentorship.
Flexibility in working hours and the opportunity for a hybrid work model (office and remote).
Remote work possible for senior-level candidates.
Training and certifications available in up-to-date technologies and methods.
Unlimited employment contract.
Access to MultiSport card for various activities.
Phone tariff available for employees and their family members.
Language learning opportunities.
Sabbatical leave.
My Days - benefit for taking days off when you need a break.
Employee Referral Program to bring in new talents.
Company Mobile Phone (Android/iPhone).
Company Laptop (Windows/macOS).
Delicious breakfast and snacks during work hours.
Team buildings and company events.
Gifts for work anniversaries, promotion, wedding or childbirth.
Friendly and open culture.
Information about the selection process
In case of your interest to apply for this position, please, send us your curriculum vitae to ladislav.zakalicky@sourcefirstinternational.com.
We always have several positions for IT specialists in Slovakia, in the Czech Republic, but also on foreign projects.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.3.2026
(there are still 147 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our client is a leading consulting company focused on digital strategy, tech platforms and cybersecurity.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Personality requirements and skills
​Proven experience as a ServiceNow OR IT Consultant.
JavaScript scripting skills is a must.
Project management skills and experience delivering successful projects.
Analytical and critical thinking abilities.
Communication and interpersonal skills.
Ability to develop and share knowledge through presentations and training materials.
Ability to work autonomously and within a team.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ladislav Zakalicky
Tel.:
+421904094855
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5178626
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.10.2025
2025-10-21
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Frontend developer
,
IT Consultant
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Web Designer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month