Join Brightpick – Where Real-World AI and Robotics Comes to Life
At Brightpick, we build intelligent robots that solve complex logistics challenges using advanced AI, computer vision, and autonomous mobility. Our flagship robot, the Brightpick Autopicker, is truly unique: a robotic platform in place of feet, a robotic arm instead of a hand, a 3D scanner for vision, and AI algorithms as its brain — all seamlessly integrated to enable autonomous movement and intelligent decision-making.
Why Brightpick?
Fully in-house tech: from hardware to AI & algorithms. Also design and manufacturing!
Rapid rollout and proven results in the EU and US
A place where you can thrive and accelerate your career growth
Headquartered in Bratislava, but delivering our solutions all around the world, we’re a tight-knit team of 200+ engineers, builders, and problem-solvers. We move fast, think bold, build technology that matters.
Pridaj sa k Brightpick - Kde ožívajú robotické aplikácie spolu s AI
V Brightpicku vytvárame inteligentné roboty, ktoré riešia komplexné logistické výzvy pomocou pokročilej umelej inteligencie, počítačového videnia a autonómnej mobility. Náš vlajkový robot, Brightpick Autopicker, je skutočne jedinečný. Robotická platforma namiesto nôh, robotické rameno namiesto ruky, 3D skener ako oči a AI algoritmy ako rozum. Všetko dokonale integrované pre autonómny pohyb a inteligentné rozhodovanie.
Prečo Brightpick?
Naše vlastné technológie: od hardvéru až po AI a algoritmy. A tiež samotné dizajnovanie a výroba robotov!
Rýchla implementácia a preukázateľné výsledky v EÚ a USA
Miesto, kde môžeš napredovať a urýchliť svoj kariérny rast
Naše sídlo je v Bratislave, no naše riešenia dodávame po celom svete. Sme zohratý tím viac ako 200 inžinierov, vývojárov a riešiteľov problémov. Vďaka nášmu nasadeniu a práci, ktorá nás napĺňa, budujeme technológie, na ktorých záleží.
Data Analyst (Business Consultant) with German
Place of work
Plynárenská 4937/6, Ružinov
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 400 EUR/month
From 2 400EUR/m. (brutto) + peformance bonus up to 13th salary. Base salary can be higher based on skills and experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As a Data Analyst / Business Consultant specializing in autonomous warehouses, you will play a crucial role in driving the growth of our business. This position combines technical expertise with consulting skills to deliver innovative solutions that optimize warehouse operations for our clients.
Location
Bratislava
Type of employment
Full-time
Salary (brutto)
From € 2400 /month based on seniority and experience
Core responsibilities:
Taking ownership of a customer at the point handed over by the sales team
Documenting material flow at the warehouse of the customer (online)
Analyzing data provided by the customer
Identifying bottlenecks in the process, proposing changes aimed to increase the effectiveness
Processing of graphic outputs of individual investigations, follow-up documentation and necessary instructions / manuals
Might include coordination of a project team
Product presentations
Plan and lead the meetings
Requirements:
We are looking for candidates with experience in sales engineering or technical consulting. Experience in automation, data analytics, or related fields is a big advantage.
A background in engineering, automation, data analyzing, or a related field is highly desirable.
B2 level proficiency in English and German is required. You should be comfortable communicating effectively with our customers.
You should possess strong analytical skills, with the ability to understand complex data and provide actionable insights. An analytical background or mindset is essential for this role.
A proactive approach to identifying problems and developing innovative solutions is key. You should enjoy tackling challenges and finding creative ways to address them
You will be expected to prepare and deliver compelling presentations to clients and stakeholders. Clear and confident communication is crucial for explaining technical concepts and solutions..
Benefits:
Daily breakfast in the office
Option of working from home/hybrid work (in case the position allows it)
Flexible work schedule (in case the position allows it)
Sick days
Parking for everyone, bike storage with showers and changing rooms on site at our HQ
Rooftop terrace with nice view of Bratislava
Dog friendly office
Multisport Card
Referral program
Additional benefits you can choose from after 1st year:
Multisport Card (with company contribution)
Contribution to a recreation stay
Year-round healthcare access at ProCare
Supplementary pension contribution (III pilier)
Brain boost - budget for professional development
Annual public transportation pass
E-Shop voucher to buy anything you might need
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
German - Upper intermediate (B2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
The journey of our company started in 2013 when 4 friends came up with the idea to provide eyes for robots worldwide so that they could see and understand it. This idea led to a series of patents and awards. Shortly thereafter, the four-man company grew into a 200+ people technological sanctuary for machine vision and smart automation enthusiasts & innovators.
The company has offices in the USA and Slovakia, from where we  deliver machine vision technology and robotic intelligence software to almost every country in the world. Today, Brightpick helps companies improve the performance and efficiency of countless applications in manufacturing, fulfillment, and assembly, including bin picking and pick & place tasks, robot guidance, machine tending, inspection & quality control, or 3D model creation.
In 2021 Photoneo launched its new Business Unit BRIGHTPICK, the first fully automated fulfillment solution for warehouses and grocers and added to its broad competences and industries served. In early 2025 the sensor/3D vision part of the company (‘’Photoneo’’) was acquired by Zebra Technologies. We got renamed to Brightpick and started to offer a warehouse automation solution for ecommerce and grocery fulfillment. Being a part of Brightpick means being a part of a team that continuously pushes the boundaries further and creates space for solutions of the future. Join us and experience the journey with us!
Address
Brightpick s. r. o.
Plynárenská 6
84105 Bratislava
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Alexandra Bučeková
E-mail:
send CV
<<< Back to the list of jobs
You can react to this job
without sending your CV
. It is sufficient to fill in a form.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5178243
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.10.2025
2025-10-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
Financial Analyst
,
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Brightpick s. r. o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 400 EUR/month