About us
Open positions
Benefits
Contact
Analyst Application Support
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary *
From 1 600 EUR/month
Contract type
full-time
* Of course, an overpayment is possible depending on the respective training, qualification and professional experience. The gross salary is based on these aforementioned criteria and is finally determined after the personal interview.
Henkel operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in two exciting business areas: Consumer Brands (Laundry & Home Care and Beauty Care) and Adhesive Technologies. Our success is built on constant innovation and people who strive for excellence. Working at Henkel is much more than just a job. It's a passion. Have you got what it takes?
Your role
Perform daily activities, act as the main point of contact for stakeholders for authorization requests/access, collection enhancement requirements, and assisting users with system settings and downloads.
Managing work items within our agile backlog and delivering on stakeholder needs.
Be the first point of contact for technical issues, and resolving them with users in our internal tool called Planview.
Monitor incidents and ensure timely communication with users regarding any issues and their resolution.
Provide support at trainings from a technical perspective.
Independently or cooperatively validate enhancements during testing.
Ensure transparency on KPI tracking, status of key deliverables, and project milestones.
Assist in regular SAP system cleanups.
Support and monitor requests handled via team automations.
Maintaining Power BI solutions aligned with stakeholder needs.
Handle ad hoc requirements from business partners.
Your skills
University-level education is an asset
Active knowledge of English language
Excellent communication skills
Excel Intermediate skills (e.g. pivot tables, macros are advantage)
Basic knowledge of with Python and REST APIs
Experience with Azure devop.
Experience in application support
PowerBI and Sharepoint solutions are advantage
Strong problem-solving skills
Ability to work independently as well as in a team
Strong attention to detail and organizational skills
Ability to prioritize and multitask in a fast-paced environment
Desire to learn and develop
Open-minded and pro-active approach
Benefits we offer
Flexible work scheme with flexible hours, hybrid work model and up to 30 days per year for remote work abroad
Diverse national and international growth opportunities
Globally applicable well-being standards, including health and preventive care programs
Gender-neutral parental leave for a minimum of 8 weeks
Employee Share Plan with voluntary investment and Henkel matching shares
13th salary, incentives
Cafeteria benefit system, Multisport card
Henkel shop and Henkel nursery school
Extra paid days off for special life situations, referral and relocation bonus
#HenkelSlovensko
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5178436
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.11.2025
2025-11-03
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Database Analyst
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Marketing Analyst
Spoločnosť:
HENKEL SLOVENSKO, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 600 EUR/month