Data Engineer
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
2 400 - 3 300 EUR/month
The final salary offered will depend on the candidate's experience and knowledge. + Attractive benefit system of the company.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
You will collaborate closely with Product Teams to design, architect, and implement data-driven and AI-enabled solutions. Your work will involve developing prototypes, translating requirements into technical designs, maintaining automated test suites, and documenting solutions. You’ll play an important role in planning deployments and supporting agile practices within your team.
Responsibilities
- Develop Data and AI-enabled products aligned with reference architecture and design principles.
- Translate business requirements into detailed design documents.
- Build prototypes and implement advanced use cases.
- Create and maintain automated tests and regression suites.
- Manage solution documentation and deployment planning.
- Foster agile collaboration and support continuous learning within the squad.
Employee perks, benefits
​- kindergarten - available in our building
​- yearly salary re-evaluation
​- hybrid type of home-office
​- flexible working time
​- sick days
​- MultiSport card
​- mental & medical health support
​- public transport donation​
Information about the selection process
In case of interest, please send your CV to: rastislav.srnka@sourcefirstinternational.com .
We have many open positions for IT specialists, not only in Slovakia and Czech Republic, but also on other foreign projects.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.12.2025
(there are still 58 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
We are one of the world’s leading technology service providers.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT, Informačné technológie
Personality requirements and skills
- Experienced in data modeling, ETL processes, and data warehousing concepts.
- Skilled in Python and familiar with data frameworks such as Pandas or PySpark.
- Knowledgeable in platforms like Palantir Foundry, Databricks, or similar.
- Fluent in English with strong communication and presentation skills.
- A proactive team player with an entrepreneurial mindset and a passion for continuous improvement.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Rastislav Srnka
Tel.:
+421904823347
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5178605
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.10.2025
2025-10-21
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
IT Consultant
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 400 EUR/month