Scrum Master
Moxymind s. r. o.
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 500 EUR/month
Final salary depends on candidates experience and skills.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are now looking for a Scrum Master to join the Moxymind team on exciting IT projects in the heavy machinery field. Someone highly organized with excellent written and verbal communication skills. Analytical mind with problem-solving skills who is not afraid to step up and deal with conflicts. The ideal candidate would have at least 4 years of experience working in a software development environment using Scrum.
As Scrum Master with us you will:
Facilitate scrum ceremonies - daily scrum, sprint planning, backlog refinement, sprint review, sprint retrospective, program increment planning.
Effectively build self-organization within the scrum team, help the team to remove any impediments.
Facilitate internal and external communication and effective collaboration.
Help Product Owner to handle backlogs effectively.
Collaborate with other Scrum Masters and Release Train Engineers to ensure theorganization’s standards.
Employee perks, benefits
Yearly budget for education
Yearly budget for tech appliances
Multisport card
Flexible working hours
Opportunity to work from home
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Personality requirements and skills
What we expect from you:
4 years experience in agile management.
English level B2 (written and spoken) - to be confident leading international teams.
Ability to analyze, visualize and report data.
Good knowledge of tools such as Azure Devops, Jira.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Moxymind's vision is to create the best place to work for smart and talented people. We founded Moxymind in 2014 with the goal of making software testing better. We believe in innovation and progress. Better software, better world.
https://www.moxymind.eu/
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Zuzana Skotnická
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5179731
Dátum zverejnenia:
22.10.2025
2025-10-22
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Scrum Master
Spoločnosť:
Moxymind s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month