Tax Analyst, PCS - Tax Engine
Job ID: 3023231 | Amazon /Slovakia/ s.r.o.
DESCRIPTION
We are looking for a smart, passionate Tax Analyst to join our Global Tax Calculation Services team based in Bratislava. This team is responsible for providing end-to-end global tax calculation services to Amazon and thousands of merchants selling on Amazon marketplaces and other e-commerce platforms, comprising tax professionals and software engineers who develop transaction tax calculation solutions (including sales and use taxes, value-added taxes, goods and services taxes, and other consumption taxes).
In this role, the individual will focus on VAT product and services taxability research, including monitoring VAT rate legislation changes and latest rulings to ensure tax calculation platform compliance with both local VAT and global indirect tax laws. Working closely with local business partners and tax department colleagues, the Analyst will provide guidance and support to the Product Classification team while also performing product tax classification for products across multiple marketplaces.
The individual may participate in projects with VAT compliance impact and support internal and external audits on catalogue VAT rate accuracy. The position requires ownership of end-to-end cross-functional tax-related projects and process improvements and performing basic product taxability research across various categories.
Base pay for this position starts from EUR 2133 gross per month and salary depends on the skills and requirements, there will be further pay components such as a sign on bonus and the eligibility to participate in a restricted stock unit scheme operated independently by Amazon.com Inc. in USA. Company benefits apply subject to further terms, including annual membership in medical clinic, life insurance, retirement pension, meal voucher card, career development.
Key job responsibilities
Perform product tax classifications for billions of products across multiple languages and utilize product catalog attributes and other data to ensure accurate tax classification
Conduct product/service taxability research across a wide range of categories
Assist in monitoring VAT rate legislation changes and latest rulings
Support the maintenance of local and global indirect tax rates content
Participate in ongoing audit activities and support internal and external audits
Participate in team operational excellence programs and process improvements
Maintain metrics and reporting for measuring process improvement
Collaborate with Product Classification Specialists and provide support for their specific needs
About the team
Mentorship & Career Growth
We’re continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earth’s Best Employer. That’s why you’ll find endless knowledge-sharing, mentorship and other career-advancing resources here to help you develop into a better-rounded professional.
Work/Life Balance
We value work-life harmony. Achieving success at work should never come at the expense of sacrifices at home, which is why we strive for flexibility as part of our working culture. When we feel supported in the workplace and at home, there’s nothing we can’t achieve in the cloud.
Inclusive Team Culture
Here at Amazon, it’s in our nature to learn and be curious. Our employee-led affinity groups foster a culture of inclusion that empower us to be proud of our differences. Ongoing events and learning experiences inspire us to never stop embracing our uniqueness.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree
Proficiency in English (written and verbal)
2+ years of Indirect Tax Experience (i.e. working in advisory firm or multi-national tax department)
Knowledge of Microsoft Office products and applications
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Detail-oriented, highly organized, decisive, and self-motivated
Strong analytical skills
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to work effectively in customer-focused, cross-functional teams
Thrives in fast-paced environments and excels under pressure
Proficiency in other languages would be an advantage
Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is
            central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your
            passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data
            is a
            longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice
(https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page)
to know more about how we collect, use
            and
            transfer the personal data of our candidates.
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a
            disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process,
            including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit
https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations
for more information.
            If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5179582
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.10.2025
2025-10-21
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
,
Python Programmer
,
Reporting Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Amazon Europe
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 133 EUR/month