Senior DevOps developer (Kubernetes)
SOITRON, s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava region, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
Basic salary starts at €2.500, however your final salary will depend on fair and deep evaluation of your knowledge & expertise. Also, our complex benefit package will be presented to you in detail.  Offered salaries reflect the current market
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Our sister company 2Ring is recently looking for someone like you - a champion of
DevOps
. We offer you a job where
innovations
, passion for
development
and collaboration is a spirit. We support talents to deploy their skills. If you are professional, innovative and go-to person  you can expect the same from us. You´ll become one of the key contributors who will create
improvements
in our products and solutions. Join us and we can help each other to
grow.
Our tech stack:
Kubernetes, Azure AKS, Helm, Kustomize, Docker, Linux, C#, .Net Core, Rust, Python, Vue.js, Grafana, Prometheus, Azure Devops, Github, MS SQL Server
What you will do:
Design, develop and maintain Kubernetes infrastructure (cloud based and on-prem)
Create and maintain Helm Go templates and Kustomize configuration files
Write and improve deployment automation scripts (Python)
Document both automated and manual operational processes
Design and implement container images (Python, C#, .Net Core, Typescript)
Create and improve integrations with external identity providers (Azure AD, Okta, Keycloak)
Investigate performance issues
Employee perks, benefits
Benefits:
Work results used by hundreds of thousands of people in tens of countries on (almost) all continents
Strong support of education and technological growth. After each sprint one day available for studies and free permanent access to educational portal www.pluralsight.com
Open and friendly informal team atmosphere
Flexible working hours
Flat management structure
Variable benefits package (including training, sports, medical care, mobile communication, social benefits, team-building activities)
Team/family events for you and your relatives
An annual retreat with workshops
New-born child contributions
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Language skills
English - Intermediate (B1)
Other knowledge
C# - Skillful
The position is suitable for a fresh graduate
Yes
Personality requirements and skills
Required skills:
Coding skills (C#/Java/C++)
Scripting/automation skills (Python preferred)
Container design and implementation
HTTP protocol basics
Nice to have skills:
Cloud experience (preferably Azure)
Experience with managed Kubernetes services (preferably AKS)
Familiarity with microservice architecture
Linux systems administration (preferably Ubuntu)
Experience with basic networking concepts
Understanding of main concepts of OAuth and OIDC
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
SOITRON (member of SOITRON Group) is a Central European IT integrator operating in the market since 1991. The company's philosophy is to constantly move forward, which is why it is a leader in implementing unique technologies and innovative solutions.
It offers clients products and services in the field of network and communication solutions, cybersecurity, data centres, IT outsourcing, IT support, and advisory.
Its portfolio includes smart police car solutions – Mosy and cybersecurity services – void SOC (Security Operations Center).
Soitron Group employs more than 850 international experts, with professional teams in Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Romania, Turkey, Bulgaria, Poland, and the UK.
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Anna Leskovjanská
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5179750
Dátum zverejnenia:
22.10.2025
2025-10-22
lokalita:
Bratislava region
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
C# Programmer
,
DevOps Engineer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
SOITRON, s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month