BI Developer
distriBind Limited
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
£1,750 - £3,000 per month. Offer / contract in GBP
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Company Overview
distriBind is an InsurTech delivering Automated Data Exchange and Back Office processing to the Insurance Industry.Primarily focused on the Delegated Authority sector, distriBind allows data to be passed from distribution to capacity in a highly automated manner whether using real-time APIs or more traditional bordereaux.
At the core of our culture lies a strong commitment to delivering excellence and honesty. This is key to the supportive, fun and open working environment that we have.
distriBind was formed in 2018 with the ambition to be the leading Global Delegated Authority solution and has been awarded a grant from Innovate UK for it’s Machine-Learning Capacity Utilisation Predictor, was runner-up in the 2020 ACORD InsurTech Innovation Challenge, and was a member of the Lloyd’s Lab cohort 6 in 2021.Since then, distriBind has been shortlisted for numerous awards, received multiple industry recognitions and been a part of some great innovation programs.
Job Overview
The SQL/BI Developer will be responsible for ensuring optimal efficiency of complex data queries within the platform and surfacing standard and custom views for BI Reporting in Power BI.
distriBind processes large volumes of data and ensuring fast and efficient data queries is essential. You will continually monitor queries to identify slower performing queries and perform optimisation.
R&D will be a crucial part of this role, identifying more efficient ways to store and retrieve data while ensuring security and availability of client data. You will work with the other developers to identify and implement efficiencies as well as with the Product Team to deliver reports either as part of the product roadmap or for client requirements.
Duties
Continually monitor the platform to identify slower-performing queries and implement optimisations to improve performance and efficiency.
Suggest changes to the storage and retrieval of data to improve performance / security efficiency.
Implement elements of the technology or product roadmaps related to data security, storage and retrieval
Build SQL stored procedures and views to support the data processing and reporting requirements of the platform
Support the creation of documentation
Stay up to date on changes in the Insurance industry or technological changes to help maintain distriBind as a cutting-edge platform
Other activities as required from time to time to support the goals of the company and targets set
Required Experience
4+ years SQL Server development experience for enterprise software
Azure SQL PaaS and Azure SQL experience
Managing and Deploying SQL Server applications in cloud environments
Experience building and maintaining super-fast queries for large volumes of data
Experience delivering views for BI Reporting – Power BI / Tableau / Qlik
Power Query, DAX
Python, R an advantage
Employee perks, benefits
Equity options
This will be a contract opportunity as we do not have a Slovakian payroll
Information about the selection process
A remote contract role
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
distriBind is an InsurTech curing the insurance industry of its spreadsheet addiction with a digital data exchange and full delegated authority workbench.
We work with large global insurers and MGAs to automate data exchange and improve visibility. We have won multiple awards.
Number of employees
20-24 employees
Contact
Contact person: Dave Connors
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5179565
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.10.2025
2025-10-21
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
distriBind Limited
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month