O nás
Tímy
Benefity
Kultúra
Technológie
Practice Lead for Testing in Slovakia (f/m)
full-time
Bajkalská 28
From 3 500 EUR/month
the final salary offered will be agreed together on the basis of your skills and experience
We are looking for a professional with proven experience in leading testing transformation, strong background in automated testing, and hands-on expertise with testing tools.
About the Role
: As a Testing Practice Lead, you will be responsible for creating and driving the overall testing strategy, governance, and standardization across all tribes within the organizations (T-Mobile and Slovak Telekom). Your role will focus on improving test automation, optimizing test management tools, standardizing processes, and fostering a culture of quality. You will collaborate closely with various leads and architects to define and implement best practices in testing.
Key Responsibilities:
Craft Management:
Coordinate Chapter Leads, ensure expert knowledge of testers, and collaborate with HR on hiring.
Testing Strategy & Governanc
e: Define and implement a centralized testing strategy, establish testing governance, and standardize processes.
Test Automation & Efficiency & AI usage
: Integrate automated tests into CI/CD pipeline, optimize test data preparation, and increase test automation, effective use of AI.
Standardization & Process Improvement:
Identify gaps, propose corrective measures, and establish common frameworks and methodologies.
Collaboration & Communication:
Enhance collaboration between testers, developers, business teams, and leadership.
Knowledge Sharing & Team Development:
Lead education and training initiatives, foster a community of practice, and support professional development.
Test Management Tool Optimization:
Lead the selection and implementation of efficient test management tools.
Required Skills and Experience:
Technical Knowledge:
Strong knowledge of testing methodologies, familiarity with various testing tools, and hands-on experience with testing and CI/CD tools.
Proven record of testing transformation in big company / companies.
Managerial Skills
: Ability to lead multi-disciplinary teams, excellent communication, presentation and organizational skills.
Analytical Skills:
Ability to analyze data, set and track quality metrics.
Innovativeness:
Ability to propose and implement new procedures, AI and modern technologies in testing.
Business English
is a must .
Fluent
Slovak and / or Czech
language is a must.
Allocation
80%-60% Testing Craft management - Practice leading
20%-40% other testing activities
We offer our people the best
Opportunity to work on
innovative projects
in a dynamic environment.
Support for professional
development and education
.
Friendly team
and pleasant working environment.
Smartphone:
Choose your phone and get a compensation of up to 900 € every 3 years.
Employee tariff: Use
unlimited data
, call and text for lower prices for private and business purposes.
Yearly bonus: You can get a
bonus of up to 15%
of your annual fixed salary each year depending on the company’s success.
Telekom discounts: Enjoy the most of the
lower prices
of our products and services for your family and friends.
Partner discounts: Enjoy
lower prices
of products and services with our partners.
Flexible hours:
Adapt your work to your needs
thanks to the home-office option (according to the agreement with the manager).
Shares program Shares2You:
Become a shareholder
of the Deutsche Telekom Group and take advantage of the associated benefits.
Rest and recreation: Relax with
5 extra days off
.
MultiSport:
Sport and relax
with your loved ones thanks to the discounted MultiSport card.
Sick pay
: If you are on sick leave for max. 10 days, you can count on an income of 80% of the daily assessment basis.
uLekára.sk: Take care of your health with
free online prevention
and
consultation with medical specialists
for you and your family.
Healthcare: Take care of your
wellbeing
with high-quality care for a discounted price with our contractual facility.
Education and development: Broaden your horizons with our internal
T-Univerzita
offering a wide range of courses.
Cafeteria: Choose from a wide range of benefits worth up to
500 € per year
- sports and cultural services, health and beauty, holidays or language courses.
Life crisis support: Is life testing you? We will support you with
one-off financial support
.
Psychological consultations:
Are you having troubles in your private or professional life? Share your burden anonymously via phone or online.
Meal contribution:
Enjoy a delicious meal with a work-day allowance of 6,60 €.
Recreational allowance: Have you been with us for 2 years? A
recreational allowance
is in your pocket.
Pension allowance: Get ready for your retirement with a
pension allowance
after 3 months with us.
Everyone is welcome to join us
Our employees feel that they have equal employment and career development opportunities with us,
regardless of age, gender and gender identity, sexual orientation, physical and mental ability, nationality, social and ethnic origin, political views, religion and world view. This makes us very happy. We are committed to continuous improvement and to
creating a safe working environment for all.
What awaits you
Has the job offer captured your interest? Fill in the
application form
and let us know about yourself.
We will assess the information you send us and
will get back
to you
under any circumstances
.
We will contact the chosen applicants and
specify the details
.
A job
interview
is a two-way opportunity to get to know each other better.
We will inform you about the result of the interview as soon as possible. Successful candidates will receive a
job offer
.
Ako to u nás vyzerá
a kde budete pracovať
Kontakt
Zuzana Nagyová
Recruiter
+421911573856
zuzana.nagyova@telekom.sk
Zdieľajte pozíciu
Facebook
Linkedin
Twitter
Preposlať odkaz
Zaujala ťa pracovná pozícia?
Ozvi sa nám!
Mám záujem
Podobné pozície
Všetky voľné pozície
Linkedin
Instagram
TikTok
Facebook
Youtube
Zostaňme v kontakte
aj na sociálnych sieťach
Sledovať všetky ponuky emailom
© 2022 Slovak Telekom
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5179720
Dátum zverejnenia:
22.10.2025
2025-10-22
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Slovak Telekom, a.s.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month