Support Specialist pre Legal-Tech startup
Eldison, advokátska kancelária, s. r. o.
Place of work
The Spot, Bottova, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
Ihneď
Wage (gross)
From 1 800 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Excited about tech and startups?
At Eldison, we combine legal expertise with tech innovation to drive startup growth and Eldison platform (ELP) is an ESOP management platform designed for startups. We help companies turn legal complexity into a growth asset by simplifying how equity plans are created, managed, and communicated. Our goal is to make equity compensation clear and accessible to founders, operators, and participants alike.
Your focus
provide first-line support across customer, legal, and technical areas to ensure a seamless user experience
continuously improve support systems through better documentation, automation, and workflow optimization
work across product, legal, and customer teams to keep onboarding and support aligned and running smoothly
identify recurring issues and escalate insights to improve product, processes, and user education
develop a deep understanding of ESOPs and equity to support users and contribute to legal operations
Find more information here (our career page):
https://www.eldison.com/career/support-specialist---eldison-platform-elp
Employee perks, benefits
Training & Onboarding
You’ll receive structured training on ESOPs, customer support tools, and troubleshooting workflows
Expert Guidance
direct access to product, legal, and customer leads who will help with escalation and complex cases
Competitive Compensation
a competitive salary aligned with your experience
a notebook and a mobile device
Professional Growth
direct collaboration with a forward-thinking leadership team
a personal coach to support your professional and personal development
Work Environment
flexible working options: work remotely or from our office in Bratislava
a dynamic, collaborative culture where innovation thrives
Time Off & Balance
generous vacation allowance to recharge
additional sick days to support your well-being
Exciting Impact
work at the crossroads of technology, law, and entrepreneurship
help startups and scaleups succeed with tools and services
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Educational Specialization
IT Customer Support
Language skills
English - Proficiency (C2)
and
Slovak - Proficiency (C2)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Excel - Advanced
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Law firm providing a high standard of legal services to startups and scaleups in the rapidly developing areas of technology, IP/IT and e-commerce.
Contact
Contact person: Simona Kahanová
Tel.:
+420775357484
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5179110
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.10.2025
2025-10-21
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Customer Support Specialist
,
IT System Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Eldison, advokátska kancelária, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 800 EUR/month