IT  Specialist Production (ERP)
AJ Metal Design a.s.
Place of work
Dlhé lúky, Hrnčiarovce nad Parnou-Trnava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
immediately
Wage (gross)
2 700 EUR/month
The amount of salary depends on the experience of the candidate. 
Monthly bonus 375€.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
•	Responsible for implementation-, improvement- and upgrade projects for the
digitalization of the production processes
•	Identifying improvement areas in Microsoft Dynamics 365 and MES Systems environment for Manufacturing,  Production and Maintenance  Planning in close cooperation with process owners.
•	End user support, training and governance of IT related production systems
•	Coordination of the agile development process with process owners, specialists and
developers
•	Configuration and development in ERP and production related systems
Employee perks, benefits
•  Background of a foreign company
•  Flexible working hours
•  Monthly bonus 12,5%
•  Annual bonus 5,5%
•  Loyalty bonus
•  Other bonuses from Collective agreement
•  Contribution to the 3rd pension insurance
•  Meal allowance - 6,6 €
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Information technologies
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central - Basic
Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 - Basic
Jira - Skillful
Manufacturing execution systems (MES) - Skillful
Computerized Maintenance Management System (CMMS) - Basic
Apps systems - Basic
Experience in the position/sector
IT
Number of years of experience
2
Personality requirements and skills
• Structured,
• Innovative mindset
• Strong in problem solving
• Proactive
•  Eperiences in  the position/sector
•  Knowledge in production processes
•  Project management
We are looking for strong person with passion to improve our digitalization and efficiency in our factories. The person needs to have a strong driving force and have the ability to argue for his opinions and ideas.
The person needs to have the ability to see the whole picture but also dig down on the details and all the technical issues and challenges.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
We are the leading producer of metal furniture with 50 years tradition and with own department of R&D (research and development). Our company deals above all with the production of metal furniture,  pallet and rack system, surface treatment with powder colours, purchase and sale of the products. More information   www.ajprodukter.se
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Oddelenie Ľudských zdrojov
Tel.:
+421907333553
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5180727
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.1.2026
2026-01-19
lokalita:
Trnava
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
AJ Metal Design a.s.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month