Medior Cyber Security Specialist (Cyber Defence, IT/Cloud security, threat analysis)
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
By agreement
Wage (gross)
2 300 EUR/month
Final salary depends on candidate´s experience
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Do you have a passion for IT security? Join our client´s Cyber Defence team and handle daily incidents, threat analyses, and vulnerability assessments in a complex, secure IT environment.
You’ll advise departments, implement security best practices, and support projects to strengthen IT and cloud security — including encryption, identity & access, and vulnerability management.
Work with client´s international team and the CISO to analyse risks, investigate security events, and assess overall security performance.
Employee perks, benefits
- work in a stable company
- adequate financial compensation
- potential for personal development
- rich social program
- flexible working hours
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.3.2026
(there are still 147 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our client is a leading international tech company and provides a wide range of products and services.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Personality requirements and skills
- Degree in IT, IT Security, or a comparable field (alternatively, completed vocational training in IT).
- At least 1 year of experience in IT security.
- Knowledge of security best practices, system hardening, and implementation of security solutions.
- Experience with enterprise networks.
- Business-fluent English, German is an advantage.
- Team-oriented mindset and willingness to further develop professionally.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Tomas Kerekanic
Tel.:
+421902333645
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5180646
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.10.2025
2025-10-27
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 300 EUR/month