Internship - Research & Development / Bioinformatics
FEI Czech Republic s.r.o.
Place of work
Mlynské nivy 18890/5, Ružinov
Contract type
internship, work experience
Wage (gross)
From 8 EUR/hour
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Do you have a passion for innovative ideas and groundbreaking discoveries? With over $1 billion invested annually in R&D, at Thermo Fisher Scientific you’ll help solve some of the world’s toughest challenges, from giving cancer patients hope, ensuring safe drinking water and helping law enforcement tackle cases through forensics. We empower our teams to put science into meaningful action and give our R&D colleagues the autonomy, resources and tools they need to take science a step beyond.
Our internship program will give you a chance to get real-world business experience and build your network before graduation. We are seeking an energetic, responsible intern to join our growing organization. In this position, you will be expected to learn the ins-and-outs of our daily routines and procedures. You will focus on learning how our organization runs and can be expected to gain valuable insight that can further your interest in your chosen career field.
Key responsibilities:
Follow company code style, revision control, configuration management, and documentation standards
Willingness to learn new procedures in bioinformatics and mass spectrometry
Work collaboratively across team of scientists, developers, and product managers
Support instrument graphical user interface (GUI) design as required
Desired qualifications:
Student working towards Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Chemical Engineering or other related engineering field
Knowledge of .Net and C#
Strong in programming disciplines like object-oriented principles, design patterns, algorithms design and data structures
Good communication skills to collaborate in multi-functional and globally distributed teams
We will be excited, if you also have:
Grasp of statistical approaches, Machine Learning
Experience with SQL databases and database management systems
Experience of team software development with working knowledge of unit testing, source code control, defect tracking, and version management
Experience with containerization and virtualization technology, such as Docker, Kubernetes, etc.
Knowledge of Python
What do we offer?
Innovative Contributions:
Join our team to advance the biotech industry and life science development through impactful projects
Cutting-Edge Technologies:
Gain hands-on experience with AI, cloud computing, and advanced data analytics tools
Professional Growth:
Work alongside industry experts and receive mentorship to enhance your professional development
Dynamic Work Environment:
Be part of a creative and collaborative team dedicated to pushing the boundaries of science and technology
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Advertiser
Contact
Contact person: Andrej Glonek
E-mail:
send CV
You can react to this job
without sending your CV
. It is sufficient to fill in a form.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5180670
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.10.2025
2025-10-23
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
FEI Czech Republic s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
8 EUR/hour