Apply now
Technology Solution Architecture Principal
Place of work
Aupark Tower, Einsteinova, Petržalka, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 4 770 EUR/month
Our Technology Solution Architecture Principal earns between  4,770 - 5,900 EUR gross / month. Not to mention all the other amazing rewards that working at AT&T offers. Individual starting salary within this range may depend on experience, expertise, and education/training.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
This position is hybrid, and you will be expected to go into an office 3 days per week.
At AT&T, we empower leaders to drive change in a fast-evolving, connected world. Your strategic vision will help serve customers and transform lives through innovative solutions and impactful connections.
We are seeking a highly skilled and dynamic individual for the role of a Technology Solution Architecture Principal. The ideal candidate has both a (network) engineering as well as a commercial understanding.  This position will work independently to analyze and develop strategic technology plans for the AT&T international infrastructure. The successful candidate will develop, and spearhead initiatives to keep modernizing the AT&T International infrastructure, and drive cost efficient service delivery. The individual will perform technology evaluation and trials, provide development requirements, support the financial modeling of services over the infrastructure, and become the subject matter expert for a set of technologies used in the infrastructure, with an initial focus on Carrier Ethernet and Broadband Access in support of IP services.
Key Responsibilities:
Develop solutions for network and infrastructure components, demonstrating the effective of the solution through a proof-of-concept setup
Document the architecture of the solution, and outline the requirements for necessary application environment supporting the full lifecycle of services based on this solution (installation, provisioning, service activation, troubleshooting, capacity management, disconnection, inventory management, cost management, security management, …)
Collaborate with development teams to articulate and prioritise the use cases and features of the solution and services associated; either define the development features or articulate the requirements for sourcing appropriate commercially available solutions
Contribute to industry forums and technology standardisation bodies
Be curious and on the lookout for ongoing technology development; identify opportunities for adopting emerging technologies
Support EMEA working hours (with flexibility as per business need) and be visible in the AT&T Bratislava office at least twice per week.
Qualifications:
At least 5+ years of professional experience in a technology management, or research and development position.
In-depth expertise of network technology protocols, in particular IPv4 and IPv6 stack, DNS, DHCP, routing technologies, broadband related technologies, device configuration (USP, CWMP)
Solid understanding of Programming in a variety of languages (Python, JavaScript, C, C++, Perl, PHP, Go-Lang, at least) to be able to test / build a viable operating system distribution starting from the open-source packages; understand DevOps techniques (source control systems such as GIT, terraform-based pipelines), and cloud-based resource management (Azure or Amazon Web services)
Solid understanding of statistical analysis and data engineering (data normalisation, visualisation)
Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills, navigating through network layers (from packet trace to network function parametrisation), operating system and application configuration
Solid experience with the Agile development methodology
Excellent communicator, collaborator and influencer with a can-do attitude.
Employee perks, benefits
Joining our team comes with amazing perks and benefits:
Annual Bonus & Annual Salary Increase
Meal Allowance (€4 / workday)
Cafeteria Benefits
Multisport card
MetLife Insurance
Pension Contribution
Special Occasions Contribution: €500 for events like marriage, childbirth, or retirement.
Annual Medical Plan: ProCare polyclinic
Service Anniversary Program
Family-friendly benefits
Volunteering day
Income Loss Compensation
Recreation Contribution: 55% of up to €500 spent, after 2 years of service.
Employee Assistance Program (free psychological, legal and financial counseling)
International Employee Referral Program
Various discounts
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Considering we’ve done some pretty impressive work around here, that’s saying something. But we couldn’t have done it without our brilliant people, and you could be one of them. With an average of two patents a day and eight Nobel Prizes to our name, it’s no wonder that for more than a century we have been defining the industry and setting the bar for innovation. This is your chance to do the same. Explore a career with AT&T.
Contact
Contact person: Katerina Velka
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Benefits
Your needs? Met. Your wants? Considered. Take a look at our comprehensive benefits.
Financial Well-being
Let’s start with the big one: Your work gets rewarded with competitive compensation.
Health & Wellness
You and your family get access to excellent medical, dental and vision insurance options.
Paid Time Off
Chill out with PTO that you can spend any way you want.
Work-Life Balance
Working here comes with the work-life balance you deserve.
Family Planning & Care
Our family friendly leave policy gives you the support you need to take care of loved ones at all stages in life.
AT&T Perks
Having perks that matter to you matters to us. That means offering discounts where it counts, like insurance for auto, home and pets.
See Our Benefits
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5180495
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.10.2025
2025-10-23
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Architect
,
Software Engineer
,
Telecommunications Network Designer
Spoločnosť:
AT&T Global Network Services Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 770 EUR/month