Regional Account Executive - Customer Lifecycle & Sales Support
NATEK SLOVAKIA, s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
3.11.2025
Wage (gross)
From 1 400 EUR/month
The final salary depends on the agreed scope of work and years of experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a motivated and detail-oriented
Regional Account Executive (RAE)
to join our Central Support Team within Integrated Solutions.
As a
dedicated RAE
, you will be assigned a specific portfolio of customers and take full ownership of their lifecycle — from onboarding support to contract renewals, pricing, and documentation. You will work closely with internal teams to ensure a smooth and efficient delivery of services.​
Preferably candidates from Eastern Slovakia (Kosice, Presov)
Hybrid working model: 2x office in Kosice, EMEA hours
​Possibility of cooperation: full-time employment or freelance contract
Key Responsibilities:
Act as a dedicated point of contact for assigned customers within the internal organization.
Support Engagement Managers (EMs) with daily tasks related to customer account management.
Manage the end-to-end lifecycle of your customers – including administrative and sales support.
Prepare pricing proposals, quotations, and draft contracts for renewals and new deals.
Handle basic ordering and billing processes.
Develop and maintain custom pricing structures and contractual documentation.
Lead and coordinate internal meetings and process improvements.
Ensure all tasks are delivered with accuracy, consistency, and timeliness.
Cooperate with cross-functional and international teams.
Employee perks, benefits
For all contacts:
Internal Mobility Program – enjoy many opportunities for career growth, job rotations, diversity of projects & technologies
Referral Program – enjoy cooperation with your colleagues and get a bonus!
5/10 Years NATEK Club – we offer long-term cooperation and celebrate each fifth-year cooperation anniversary with gifts
NATEK CSR Events & team buildings – enjoy our values: accountability, partnership and expertise and #workITwithus
Education – benefit from our know-how, learning courses and certificates and IT events – be part of the community of leaders of the industry and take part as a speaker or a visitor
​
Additionally only for employment contract:
​
Multisport
Technical and Personal training
Language courses
Cafeteria
Financial Contribution for Meals
Life insurance
Bonuses for Personal Events
Day off for volunteering
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Telecommunications
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Number of years of experience
4
Personality requirements and skills
Requirements
Strong organizational and communication skills
Ability to work independently and manage multiple priorities
Previous experience in sales support, contract administration, or account coordination​
Working in the telecommunications, IT services, or technology sector​
Collaborating with international stakeholders or multinational teams​
Fluent in business English (spoken and written)
Knowledge of additional languages such as German or French is a plus
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Join one of the most sought-after companies that specialize in IT outsourcing business.
Building on our shared company values – accountability, expertise and partnership - NATEK's mission is to deliver high quality IT outsourcing and consulting services in the CEE region. Since 2004, our employees have been participating projects for our partners from all over the world   in the most important sectors, including finance and insurance, telecommunications, and IT infrastructure. NATEK has offices in Poland, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic and Slovakia, and thanks to a team of over 700 experts, including project managers, programmers and administrators, we are able to effectively support our partners.
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Laura Horvathova
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5181239
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.10.2025
2025-10-24
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Call Operator
,
IT Project Manager
,
Key Account Manager
,
Project Manager
,
Sales Representative
Spoločnosť:
NATEK SLOVAKIA, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 400 EUR/month