About us
Our benefits
Open positions
IT Business Analyst - ServiceNow (Hybrid, 80-100%
Place of work
Mlynské nivy 12, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 200 - 3 700 EUR/month
The specific salary offered considers: the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialization, skills and experience. You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including an attractive performance-based bonus.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
What if your analytical mindset and curiosity could help reshape how we serve our customers? As an IT Business Analyst working in the ServiceNow environment, you won’t just gather requirements; you’ll be at the heart of transforming business processes, enhancing service delivery, and enabling better collaboration across teams. If you enjoy working closely with stakeholders to understand their needs and turning those into practical, scalable solutions, we want to hear from you.
About the Role
This role goes beyond traditional BA tasks—you’ll partner with a diverse group of stakeholders to optimize and evolve our Enterprise Service Management (ESM) landscape using ServiceNow. Your focus will be on gathering and refining business requirements, documenting processes, and ensuring smooth delivery of service improvements that make a real difference.
Key responsibilities:
• Translate complex business needs into crystal-clear, actionable user stories. Own requirements gathering, prioritization, UAT coordination, sign-offs, and post-launch validations.
• Help maintain documentation of business processes and ServiceNow configurations to ensure ongoing clarity and alignment.
Champion a culture of continuous improvement, shaping the future of our service ecosystem.
• Collaborate seamlessly with diverse partners: business users, product owners, architects, engineers, and testers.
• Act as a trusted bridge between business and technical teams to ensure smooth delivery.
About the Team
In Customer Service we empower our clients and employees by making it quick and easy to get what they need from SwissRe to thrive in doing their jobs. We are the one place to go to get help internally and externally. Boosted by AI and digital self-service we are a passionate, global team which drives innovation to create outstanding customer experiences, leverage scaling effects and foster talent in an agile digital world.
Employee perks, benefits
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
About You
You’re a natural problem-solver who brings structure to complexity and energy to every conversation. You’re not afraid to ask questions, challenge assumptions, and explore new ways of working.
Here’s what makes you a great fit:
• You have experience as a Business Analyst (ideally 3–5 years), especially in IT and/or service management.
• You have strong knowledge of ServiceNow, ITIL and IT Service Management (ITSM) principles.
• You thrive in agile environment, and know how to write crisp, structured user stories.
• You excel at communicating effectively and managing relationships across diverse business and technical teams.
• You’re curious individual with a passion for continuous learning and improvement.
• You bring a pragmatic mindset and a collaborative spirit.
Bonus points if you hold:
• BA certifications (like CBAP or PMI-PBA), ServiceNow certifications and/or have experience supporting digital transformation and process optimization initiatives.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
1700 and more employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Barbara Oblozinsky
Tel.:
+421232778021
Apply here
ID:
5181558
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.10.2025
2025-10-24
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month