Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Data Engineer
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
The data engineer develops, constructs, tests and maintains architectures, such as databases and large-scale processing systems, and ensures that architecture fully supports requirements of the business.
What will you do?
Analyses complex data elements and systems, data flow, dependencies, and relationships in order to contribute to conceptual physical and logical data models.
Designs, builds, implements and maintain of the database structures to support business needs including integration of vendor database solutions into data environment.
Contributes to the development of the capacity planning function to properly identify needed hardware, software, database configuration / architecture to support application / business needs.
Manages the life cycle of multiple database tools by enabling smooth upgrades and/or installation and support of new capabilities.
Data munging, manipulation, cleansing and blending from multiple data sources and exposure to various data types and storage paradigms.
Works with data to solve business problems and will build and maintain the infrastructure to answer questions with data.
You will succeed if you:
have education of Information technologies – Bachelor’s degree
have experiences with ICT Analysis, Architecture & Design - 3 years
have experiences with Cloud solutions (Azure, or AWS) in range of data processing - Intermediate
have experiences with Data Analytics – visualization - Intermediate
have experiences with Big Data Solutions - Advanced
have experiences with Data processing methods (Kafka, Spark) - Advanced
have experiences with Data streaming, Data warehousing - Advanced
have experiences with SQL and NoSQL Databases - Intermediate
have experiences with programming, scripting - Intermediate
have analytical thinking, cross-functional Collaboration, strategic thinking and ability to Innovate
speak English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Possible specialisation
Experience with usage of ML tools e.g. Tensorflow, Pytorch
Knowledge of programing languages used in the field of ML (e.g. Python, R)
Knowledge of distributed filesystems
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lucia Gbúrová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5181284
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.10.2025
2025-10-24
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month