Software developer for Smart Asset Management
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 2 100 EUR/month
From 2100 + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Do you want to help shape the future of healthcare?
At Siemens Healthineers, we rely on people who devote their energy and passion to this goal. Siemens Healthineers represents the pioneering spirit of our employees combined with our long tradition as a leading global technology group in the dynamic healthcare industry.
Does that sound interesting to you? Then join our global team as a Software developer with strong experience in AI-driven systems design and implementation to develop and maintain our AI agent that supports our laboratory operations. The agent will interact with testing results, structured/unstructured data, and test documentation from our devices, enabling efficient condition monitoring, log analysis, and information retrieval development engineer for mechanical and mechatronic components to implement innovative ideas using state-of-the-art technologies.
This role requires a balance of hands-on development and architectural design, ensuring scalability, compliance with regulatory requirements, and seamless integration with laboratory workflows
Task and responsibilities:
Design and maintain the architecture of a locally deployed AI agent for laboratories.
Ensure the system integrates with medical device testing platforms, log files, and relevant documentation repositories.
Establish standards for scalability, maintainability, and security of the AI solution
Implement AI/NLP models for document understanding, log analysis, and information retrieval.
Develop modular software components (data pipelines, query interfaces, monitoring dashboards).
Ensure smooth integration with laboratory IT infrastructure and medical device test systems.
Qualification & Experience:
You have a completed master degree in Computer science , Software engineering, artificial intelligence or data science
You have a strong experience in machine learning and NLP
You have Experience in software architecture design for scalable, reliable, and maintainable systems
Hands-on experience with structured/unstructured data (JSON, CSV, PDFs, logs, device telemetry
You have experience to design and implement robust, maintainable, and scalable system architectures
You understand processes relevant for natural language processing, information retrieval, and data-driven decision-making.
You have experience with implementing AI/ML pipelines using frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, or Scikit-learn
Profile & Skills:
You communicate fluently in English, both written and spoken, in order to be able to easily exchange ideas both in the team and in contact with the various stakeholders
You are flexible and if necessary you will travel to our international partners
You do not compromise on quality: The highest quality standard in product support is a matter of course for you
You personally impress us with your ability to work in a team, initiative, communication skills and creativity while maintaining high and sustainable quality standards, which is crucial for the future success of our company
You have Strong analytical thinking and the ability to design solutions at both system and implementation levels.
Motivated to drive innovation in AI-enabled software solutions for laboratory operations and mechatronic environments
You can find more about this business area at:
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/de/products-services
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards:
starting from 2100 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably.
Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of telework and work from office
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Counseling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5181524
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.10.2025
2025-10-24
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 100 EUR/month