Unleash
Your
Power
About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Software Engineer (Node.js)
Apply Now
Date posted:
27.10.2025
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 3 080 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is € 3080 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Software Engineer
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our new Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
In this role at our state-of-the-art center, you will have the opportunity to grow your skills and create solutions that will benefit patients around the world. Become the heart of our internal innovation engine.
At Takeda we unite in diversity
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive workplace, where individuals are recognized for the diverse backgrounds and abilities they bring to our company. We are continually improving workplace experience and accessibility for everyone, and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our Team.
The Opportunity
As a Software Engineer, you will play a role in bringing new digital health products to address patients pain points and optimize healthcare delivery. You will provide technical expertise in innovative product development, ensuring seamless integration and efficient utilization of relevant technologies. With your experience, you will build user-centric health tech solutions, integrate with our technical ecosystem, and be a member of an agile team of top-tier developers for Takeda to succeed in this mission.
Responsibilities
Deliver      high-quality modern user experiences built in modern Front-End and      Back-End (Angular, Node.js, TypeScript, JavaScript) frameworks and      libraries .
Utilize      APIs, connectors, and middleware tools to achieve system      interoperability.
Leverage      best practices, Object Oriented JavaScript programming and TypeScript      frameworks.
Builds      systems of medium-to-high complexity with minimal guidance and      supervision.
Build      interfaces for modern internet applications using the latest front-end and      back-end technologies.
Implement      reusable libraries across applications.
Write      unit and integration tests for all application code.
Ensure      responsive design works across computing platforms.
Develop      application code and unit tests in selected framework and/or      library.
Ensure      high performance for global users through performance tests and      tuning.
Partner      with the design team around usability and UI/UX concerns.
Collaborate      with more senior team members to implement feedback on pull request      reviews.
Collaborate      with agile team members to craft clear user stories and continuously      deliver product increments.
Continuously      collaborate with Product Owner to demo developed functionality and      validate against specified requirements.
Estimate      work based on user stories and functional requirements or      wireframes.
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high-end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to bit.ly/icc-bts-benefits
- Cafeteria
- Medical - High standard medical care
- Bridge days
- Summer Hours
- Multisport Card
Your application and any and all conversations that occur with the recruiter, HR, and the hiring manager as part of that application will be treated in the strictest confidence.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Skills and Qualifications
Bachelor’s      degree in computer science or a related study, or equivalent      experience.
4+      years of relevant professional experience in developing software.
Solid      hands-on experience as a full-stack engineer focused on front-end with      following tech stack: Angular, JavaScript/TypeScript.
Experience      with back-end development using Node.js is a plus!
Hands-on      experience developing solutions on AWS (serverless and other Platform As A      Service modules of cloud platform) is a big advantage.
Experience      in prototyping, as well as operating at scale, with focus on writing      clean, encapsulated and well documented code.
Experience      in designing and implementing integrations between systems using      middleware tools. Familiarity with various integration patterns,      protocols, and technologies (such as REST, SOAP, JSON, XML).
Adept      at analyzing complex technical issues, identifying root causes, and      implementing effective solutions. Proficient in debugging, performance      optimization, and troubleshooting mobile/web applications.
Solid      communication skills, a team player with a 'winning as a team'      attitude.
Ability      to continuously enhances own skills.
Ability      to write and speak in the English language.
Practice      efficient time management and coordinates tasks, working in an      international environment.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5181968
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.10.2025
2025-10-27
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Frontend developer
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 080 EUR/month