Windows System Engineer
IT-Impulse s. r. o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
+ Bonus up to 10%. The final offer for the selected candidate will depend on shared responsibilities, skills and previous work experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for new members to join our local platform operational team, which is supporting customers (internal and external) in a multinational environment, participating in delivering solutions for users in multiple offices.
Job profile:
High customer focus and willingness to deliver the highest quality to customers
Can present the developed solution to end customers. Even to non- or semi-technical client staff.
German language - advantage
English language - must (team language)
Customer focus
M365 / O365 experience for ideas and development of new Microsoft solutions
Willingness to visit customers during the go-live (exceptions).
Active Directory & Entra ID
Azure Enterprise Apps
Azure O365 (Office + Sync, central settings)
Exchange Online, MS Teams, Intune, SharePoint Online
Mail archiving (MailStore, O365 archive)
Employee perks, benefits
General:
• Long-term and stable work place, employment contract for an indefinite period
• Familiarity of a small sized firm and security and possibilities of a large company
• +5 extra days of vacation
• 3 sick days per month
• Contribution to 3rd pillar (individual pension savings): 1 - 2,5%
• Cafeteria bonus
• Employee referral program (up to 5.000 EUR per referral)
• Yearly performance and salary review
• Jubilee gifts
• Flexible working hours
• Remote work possibility
• Free language courses
Benefits available on-site:
• Comfortable and healthy work environment in a newly built, air-conditioned office space (5-7 workstations per office)
• Free bicycle garage
• Free parking space
• Free kindergarten during school holidays at the workplace
• Fruit days
• Stocked kitchen with free drinks (freshly roasted coffee)
• Free massages
• Monthly breakfast club
Information about the selection process
Please send us a curriculum vitae in English.
We reserve the right to contact only those candidates who meet the requirements.
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Europe's leading provider of digital solutions for social housing, developing an ERP system for property management covering all areas of the housing sector. While providing software solutions, hosting services, consulting and support, we are all trying to bring more efficiency to existing business processes.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Computer science, a technical/scientific or a comparable degree
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Windows server administration - Advanced
Microsoft Exchange - Advanced
Microsoft Office 365 - Advanced
Windows Security - Skillful
Microsoft Azure - Skillful
Microsoft Exchange Online - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
3
Personality requirements and skills
Requirements:
• Windows Server
• Exchange OnPrem + Exchange Online
• Microsoft O365 Products
• Windows Security
• Microsoft Azure
• Degree in computer science, a technical/scientific or a comparable degree
• Strong analytical and conceptual skills
• Independent and structured way of working, customer, and service orientation
• Experience working with software developers and solution designers
• Hands-on mentality, holistic thinking, team spirit, reliability and a high level of service orientation
• Advantage: command of spoken and written German
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
IT-Impulse is the Software Engineering division of the international company JobImpulse GmbH with more than 9000 employees in 51 locations in 12 countries and acts as an intermediary between the IT software development department and highly qualified IT specialists on the job market.
The Slovak branch in Košice in its new headquarters with over 60 employees is looking for new colleagues for existing as well as newly created customer-dedicated teams.
http://www.it-impulse.net
https://www.facebook.com/ITImpulseSlovakia/
https://www.instagram.com/it_impulse/
https://www.linkedin.com/company/it-impulse/
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Tatiana Zabó
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5181567
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.10.2025
2025-10-24
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Systems Administrator
Spoločnosť:
IT-Impulse s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month