IT Manager Europe
Spin Master International B.V.
Miesto práce
Karadžičova 12, Bratislava, Slovensko (Pozícia umožňuje občasnú prácu z domu)
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Termín nástupu
ASAP
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
2 500 EUR/mesiac
Informácie o pracovnom mieste
Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednosti
The ITS Field Support Manager – Europe will act as the regional owner of IT operations across all European locations. This role will lead a distributed team of ITS professionals who support local users and infrastructure, while aligning tightly with the global ITS strategy and standards established by head office in Canada. The successful candidate will be accountable for operational excellence, consistent service delivery, and fostering strong collaboration across regions to ensure Spin Master’s global technology ecosystem runs seamlessly.
Specific Responsibilities:
Regional Leadership
:
Lead, coach, and develop the European Field Support team across multiple offices, ensuring a high-performance culture and exceptional end-user experience.
Operational Ownership:Serve as the primary point of accountability for all ITS operations, endpoint management, hardware standards, and IT issues within Europe.
Global Alignment: Work in lockstep with Canadian and global ITS leadership to execute global standards, processes, and projects—including Intune, AutoPilot, and Microsoft 365 initiatives.
Incident & Escalation Management:Oversee and resolve regional escalations, coordinating with the necessary teams to ensure timely closure.
Compliance & Security:Ensure all systems and endpoints adhere to global compliance, security, and governance policies.
Project Delivery:Manage regional deployments, hardware refreshes, site expansions, and technology rollouts, driving alignment with global modernization efforts.
Continuous Improvement:Identify gaps, inefficiencies, and opportunities for process improvement across the European ITS landscape.
Reporting Lines:
3.1 This position will report to Director, ITS Field Support & Digital Solutions
3.2 List direct reports to this position – IT Support Engineer x 2, Senior System Engineer, Senior IT Engineer
Zamestnanecké výhody, benefity
​​At Spin Master we believe that our people are one of our most valuable assets. Your efforts at Spin Master are a part of your life’s work and Spin Master honors your contribution with a total rewards program that includes tangible and intangible benefits.​
​Global Working Environment
Hybrid Work Model /60% work from office - 40% work from home/
Meal vouchers fully paid by the employer (7,50€/working day)
Referral program
Learning & Development - We're committed to supporting your continuous learning. For our employees, we provide LinkedIn Learning, language courses, and much more.
2x sick day + Birthday day off
Employee discounts - Eligible to receive free toys during the holiday season and can purchase toys for discounted prices.
Possibility of career growth
Flexible working hours
Employee Assistance Program
Allowance for sports activities
Multi sport card
Life and Accident Insurance
Medical care benefit​
Požiadavky na zamestnanca
Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelaním
stredoškolské s maturitou
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Stredne pokročilý (B2)
Ostatné znalosti
Microsoft Office - Pokročilý
Microsoft Endpoint Manager - Pokročilý
Active Directory (Windows) - Pokročilý
Microsoft Azure - Pokročilý
Administrácia LAN/WAN - Pokročilý
ITMS centrálny informačný systém - Pokročilý
Osobnostné predpoklady a zručnosti
Microsoft Endpoint Management: expertise with Intune, AutoPilot, and Microsoft 365 administration.
Windows 10/11 Device Management: Imaging, deployment, patching, and compliance configuration.
Active Directory / Azure AD: User management, group policy, and authentication troubleshooting.
Network Fundamentals: Understanding of LAN/WAN, VPN, Wi-Fi, and device connectivity principles.
Hardware Lifecycle Management: Standardized laptop/desktop procurement, configuration, and support (Lenovo preferred).
ITSM Systems: Experience with ServiceNow or comparable platforms for incident, request, and change management.
Remote Support Tools: Skilled in using ConnectWise or equivalent for multi-site device support.
Security & Compliance: Familiarity with E5-level security stack, conditional access, and data protection best practices.
Collaboration Platforms: Proficiency in Microsoft Teams, SharePoint, and OneDrive administration.
Leadership and analytical skills.
Proficiency in digital collaboration applications (e.g., Microsoft Teams).
Strong written, oral, and interpersonal communication.
Research, prioritization, and problem-solving abilities.
Self-motivated, detail-oriented, with excellent customer service.
Experience in high-pressure, team-oriented environments.
Inzerujúca spoločnosť
Stručná charakteristika spoločnosti
Spin Master (www.spinmaster.com) is a leading global children's entertainment company that creates, designs, manufactures, licenses and markets a diversified portfolio of innovative toys, games, products and entertainment properties. Spin Master is best known for award-winning brands including Zoomer™, Bakugan™, Meccano™, and 2017 Toys of the Year, Hatchimals™, Air Hogs™ and PAW Patrol™. Since 2005, Spin Master has received 82 TIA Toy of The Year (TOTY) nominations with 21 wins across a variety of product categories, including 13 TOTY nominations for Innovative Toy of the Year, more than any of its competitors. To date, Spin Master has produced six television series, including 2007 success Bakugan Battle Brawlers and current hit PAW Patrol, which is broadcast in over 160 countries and territories globally. Spin Master employs over 2,000 people globally with offices in Canada, United States, Mexico, France, Italy, United Kingdom, Slovakia, China, Hong Kong, Australia and more.
Počet zamestnancov
500-999 zamestnancov
Kontakt
Kontaktná osoba: Lucia Barciova
E-mail:
poslať životopis
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5181276
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.10.2025
2025-10-24
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Databázový administrátor
,
IT manager
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Servisný inžinier
,
Systémový administrátor
Spoločnosť:
Spin Master International B.V.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/mesiac