Unleash
Your
Power
About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Software Engineer (React)
Apply Now
Date posted:
27.10.2025
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 3 080 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is € 3080 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Software Engineer
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our new Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
In this role at our state-of-the-art center, you will have the opportunity to grow your skills and create solutions that will benefit patients around the world. Become the heart of our internal innovation engine.
At Takeda we unite in diversity!
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive workplace, where individuals are recognized for the diverse backgrounds and abilities they bring to our company. We are continually improving workplace experience and accessibility for everyone, and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our Team.
The Opportunity
As a Software Engineer, you will be responsible for overseeing the technical aspects of the product development and integration. You will provide technical expertise in diverse set of technologies, ensuring seamless integration and efficient utilization of these technologies. You will utilize your expertise in multiple technologies and lead the development of a cutting-edge platform that empowers our organization's digital capabilities for Patients and Healthcare Professionals.
Responsibilities
•	Deliver high-quality modern user experiences built in modern Front-End and Back-End frameworks (React, Next.js, .NET, TypeScript, JavaScript) and libraries.
•	Utilize APIs, connectors, and middleware tools to achieve system interoperability.
•	Leverage best practices, Object Oriented JavaScript programming and TypeScript frameworks.
•	Build interfaces for modern internet applications using the latest front-end and back-end technologies.
•	Implement reusable libraries across applications.
•	Ensure responsive design works across computing platforms.
•	Develop application code and unit tests in selected framework and/or library.
•	Ensure high performance for global users through performance tests and tuning.
•	Partner with the design team around usability and UI/UX concerns.
•	Conduct training sessions to educate team members and end-users on platform functionality and best practices.
•	Collaborate with business stakeholders to understand business requirements and design technical solutions. Create architectural diagrams, define system integrations, and establish best practices for development.
•	Collaborate with cross-functional technical teams, including business analysts, project managers, and technical engineers in other global locations, to understand requirements, provide technical insights, and ensure successful project delivery. Communicate effectively to convey technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high-end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to bit.ly/icc-bts-benefits
- Cafeteria
- Medical - High standard medical care
- Bridge days
- Summer Hours
- Multisport Card
Your application and any and all conversations that occur with the recruiter, HR, and the hiring manager as part of that application will be treated in the strictest confidence.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
•	Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related study, or equivalent experience.
•	4+ years of relevant professional experience in developing software.
•	Strong hands-on experience as a full-stack engineer with following tech stack: React, TypeScript. Next.js, .NET, HTML5, CSS3, SQL/NoSQL.
•	Hands-on experience with Microservices, API, Composable architecture (Sanity, Cloudinary, Cloudflare).
•	Hands-on experience developing solutions on cloud (serverless and other Platform As A Service modules of cloud platform) is a big advantage.
•	Familiarity with Agile methodologies and project management tools.
•	Experience in prototyping, as well as operating at scale, with focus on writing clean, encapsulated and well documented code.
•	Experience in designing and implementing integrations between systems using middleware tools. Familiarity with various integration patterns, protocols, and technologies (such as REST, SOAP, JSON, XML).
•	Adept at analyzing complex technical issues, identifying root causes, and implementing effective solutions. Proficient in debugging, performance optimization, and troubleshooting mobile/web applications.
•	Strong oral and written communication skills, business acumen, and enterprise knowledge.
•	Proficiency in English in both verbal and written communication is a must.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5181977
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.10.2025
2025-10-27
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Frontend developer
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 080 EUR/month