Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Junior Application Developer - Java Spring Boot
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 050 - 1 800 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
General Purpose
Develops new and maintain existing source code of  based applications in programming language like Java, ASP.Net or C#  based on requirements of  internal or external customers. These applications support usually automation of business processes.
Works in project team on assigned  tasks / parts of the application (e.g. GUI front end, DB back end, import scripts, reporting services and related)  to develop and build application for customer usage. May requires senior developer’s support as mentor in design and implementation phase of software development  lifecycle.
Purpose
Develops new and maintains existing applications  in Java Spring Boot based on requirements of internal or external customers.
Your project:
You will be part of a B2B IT organization operating within an agile release train "Voice & Partner Products Provisioning". The final product enables the decomposition of product orders into service orders and the allocation and provisioning of underlying resources.
Your work will involve developing solutions such as virtual cloud-based Private Branch Exchanges (PBXs) and provisioning Over-The-Top (OTT) services like WebEx, Microsoft Teams, Zoom, and more. Additionally, you will contribute to integrating these platforms into the comprehensive Deutsche Telekom products for business customers in Germany.
Your team:
You will join a newly established, cross-functional Scrum team based in Košice. We are committed to fostering a strong DevOps culture under the motto: "We build it, we run it."
In this team, you will enjoy broad access to modern technology stack with freedom to choose (of course there will be some architectural guidelines), empowering you to make independent decisions while expecting a high level of ownership and commitment to delivery.
The team primarily works remotely, with in-person meetings required for sprint demos, planning, and retrospectives (typically every two weeks for 1 day in our offices in Košice), as well as Program Increment (PI) planning sessions held approximately every 3–4 months for 3 days locally or abroad.
What will you do?
Analyse of customer’s requirements and propose overall application architecture incl. interfaces (e.g. REST API OAS), relation / document database structure, use of native cloud development approach etc.
Perform complex business analysis in order to build application functionality easy for maintenance and future extension according to customer needs as business intelligent solution that implements business processes in automated form
Develop backend applications or microservices according stories definition in chosen programming language (primarily Java Spring Boot or another Java application development framework)
Beside new future development you will participate on application modernization, refactoring and decomposing of application from monolith to microservice architecture according to enterprise architecture guidelines
Develop and run automated tests on various application levels, provides testing of programmed functionality before deployment in order to avoid bugs and ensure quality of code
Write and update complex technical system documentation and business logic documentation (e.g. UML)
Maintain application, support bug fixing
Prepare GitLab CI/CD pipelines with DevOps engineers cooperation
Perform deployments on cloud infrastructure, handle release management in order to provide regular upgrades of software
Prepare and perform data migrations
Contribute to knowledge base of developers
Make proposals for optimization of processes
Proactively manage problem solving and root cause analysis
You will succeed if you:
have experience with:
with complex application landscape - 2 years
programming Java Spring Boot - expert
MapStruct, Lombok, Liquibase, Open API generator, WireMock
GIT, Maven, Gradle build tools, UML
SQL and NoSQL databases (PostgreSQL, MongoDB, FireStore)
one of the following clouds: AWS, GCP or Open Telekom Cloud
REST API and message based communication
API first approach
SCRUM software development methodology and JIRA
are communicative, team player and have analytical thinking
speak English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
1 050 - 1 800 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Kiššová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5181454
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.10.2025
2025-10-24
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
Java Programmer
,
Javascript Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 050 EUR/month