Regional Customer Support Engineer
Marlink s.r.o. - Maritime & Enterprise Satellite Communications
Place of work
Lamačská cesta 3, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 1 500 EUR/month
The given salary is the minimum offered to new employees. The starting salary depends on the educational background and experience in a similar technical position. It is further reviewed after the successful completion of the probation period (plus compensations higher than according to law). The annual bonus is based on personal and company performance and represents the 13th salary approximately.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you passionate about solving technical problems and providing exceptional customer service? We are seeking a Regional Customer Support Engineer to join our team in Bratislava, Slovakia. If you are someone who thrives in a dynamic, customer-oriented environment and enjoys troubleshooting technical issues, then you might be the perfect fit for us!
Support Engineer provides remote support for the Marlink Maritime customers and their satellite communication systems on board vessels sailing out on the sea all over the world.  The Support Engineer helps customers to use their internet connection and related services by providing  the following activities:
• First point of contact for Marlink organization and customers over the phone, via email or via remote management & control channels.
• Analysis of requests and complaints, performance of the first level diagnostics and applying solutions, which must be a standard ones.
• Registering all information regarding the requests of the client in the ticketing system and forwarding those to specialized second line service when standard procedures can not be applied.
• Keeping the customer informed about all evolution of his request status on a daily basis.
• Processing activations, de activations, suspensions, un suspensions requests from customers on the whole range of Marlink Products and Services.
• Provisioning and billing.
• Close cooperation with the other functions in the Maritime Network Operations Centre and other Support teams.
• Documentation of all work related to e.g. incident management and request fulfilment in the Marlink Ticketing System.
Initial contract will be fixed-term for a 1 year. After mutual agreement the contract can be changed to permanent.
The work is performed from Monday to Sunday during day shifts (9:00 - 17:00), with 1 or 2 weekends in a month max, then two days for rest can be taken off in the following week. Work during Saturdays and nights is compensated by 50% in addition to the hourly pay, and 100% on Sundays and bank holidays. Shifts are planned for next month in advance to provide flexibility to personal needs.
Employee perks, benefits
The attractive working environment in a global telecommunications company
• Training in satellite communication, company products, and services
• Meal allowance of 7 EUR /day worked
• Mobile phone also for private use
• Laptop also for private use
• All-year healthcare package - Business care program with private medical clinic ProCare
• 100% salary compensation during illness up to 2 months (doctor certified)
• Home office option after the initial training period
• 5 days of additional holiday
• Father's leave of 2 weeks after childbirth
• Language training allowance
• Psychological counselling
• Free drinks and fruit at the workplace
• Sporting facilities via Multi-sport card
• Employee social events
Information about the selection process
Applicants are expected to send a structured CV in English by 7 November 2025. Due to our limited capacity to respond to all applicants, only suitable candidates with the required technical background will be contacted back and invited for a personal interview.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
technical, telecommunications, electrotechnical, IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
The position is suitable for a fresh graduate
Yes
Personality requirements and skills
• Basic knowledge of Telecommunication Networks and IT terminology
• Secondary school graduates should have relevant experience in IT or Telco helpdesk
• Good English speaking and writing skills
• Good communications skills and ability to cooperate with different teams
• Good at analyzing complex issues to find creative, logical, and effective solutions
• Well-organized, detail-oriented, and accurate
• Able to handle stress and able to work under time pressure
• Customer-oriented
• Able to set priorities
• Complying with agreements
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Wherever our customers are in the world, we help them digitalise and optimise their remote business processes using advanced hybrid network solutions and digital technologies.
Our teams work together across the globe, using constant innovation, expertise and applied technology to bring systems and people together with a future focus. We push boundaries. We combine unrivalled resources and expertise in field engineering with advanced digital technologies such as cyber security, IT, and cloud enablement.
Today, we employ 1500 people in over 30 countries, with customers in the maritime, energy, and humanitarian sectors. We believe in creating a culture where you can develop and thrive. Our commitment to excellence drives our success.
Number of employees
100-149 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Alena Drobná
Tel.:
+421903928956
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5181485
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.10.2025
2025-10-24
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Customer Support Specialist
,
Helpdesk Operator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Network and Service Operation Specialist
,
Technician
Spoločnosť:
Marlink s.r.o. - Maritime & Enterprise Satellite Communications
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month