About us
Open positions
Benefits
Contact
Student Part-Time: Infrastructure Data Analyst
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary *
From 6 EUR/hour
Contract type
part-time
* Of course, an overpayment is possible depending on the respective training, qualification and professional experience. The gross salary is based on these aforementioned criteria and is finally determined after the personal interview.
Henkel operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in two exciting business areas: Consumer Brands (Laundry & Home Care and Beauty Care) and Adhesive Technologies. Our success is built on constant innovation and people who strive for excellence. Working at Henkel is much more than just a job. It's a passion. Have you got what it takes?
Your role
As a Student Part-Time: Infrastructure Data Analyst, you will support governance and compliance activities within the Infrastructure Regions department. Your main responsibilities will involve analyzing various data sources with a strong focus on reporting accuracy and quality management. You will collaborate closely with colleagues and other departments across the globe, developing effective connections to ensure alignment and continuous improvement in processes and data integrity.
What you´ll do
Active contribution to governance, compliance and quality management in scope of Infrastructure Regions, e.g. involvement in management reviews, review and duly storage of desktop procedures, etc.
Regular analysis of Governance, Risk, Compliance IT controls for business-managed applications with various cyber security risk incl. communication with relevant stakeholders and providing support to application owners and managers within Infrastructure Regions.
Analysis and input collection for new IT delegation requests, ensuring agreed gate-keeping process.
Reporting and analysis of regular reports and dashboards established / in preparation e.g. KPI analysis, driving complete and on-time reporting, alignment with corporate units on improvements and next steps, coordination of agreed actions with all regions.
Preparing of monthly value contribution report, alignment and clarifications with local responsible persons across globe.
Data collection and analysis inevitable for various global projects and initiatives running in Infrastructure Regions.
Driving continuous improvements in areas of responsibility.
Your skills
University student, preferably in the 2nd to 5th year of study.
Solid knowledge in MS Excel, including advanced formulas, pivot tables, and macros
Fluent in English, both written and spoken
Excellent analytical thinking and data interpretation skills
Strong conceptual thinking and problem-solving ability
Effective communication skills, with the ability to convey complex information clearly and professionally
Experience or familiarity with reporting and visualization tools (e.g., Power BI, Tableau, etc.) is an advantage
Basic understanding of project management principles and methodologies is a plus
German language skills (spoken and written) is considered a nice-to-have skill
Benefits we offer
Extra contribution to lunch vouchers
Work in international company
Flexible worktime
Multisport Card possibility
Home Office possibility
Henkel shop
#HenkelSlovensko
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5182197
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.11.2025
2025-11-03
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Business Analyst
,
Database Analyst
Spoločnosť:
HENKEL SLOVENSKO, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
6 EUR/hour