Senior Application Administrator (Azure DevOps, Azure Data Factory, MS SQL)
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
31.12.2025
Wage (gross)
2 700 - 4 000 EUR/month
Salary is based considering the skills and experience that you bring. Possibility for extra rewards and benefits including an attractive performance-based bonus.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for someone who will play a key role in supporting the development of key financial applications.
We provide change and support for a suite of applications serving Finance function. The diverse set of functions and applications, operating in a landscape that never stands still, ensures that no two days are the same and offers opportunities for the keen learner to absorb and get exposed to key financial processes used throughout the world. We value agility in our approaches, stability for our platforms and a passion to learn.
The team you will join is just starting its migration to the Microsoft Azure cloud. Azure DevOps will be used for issue tracking, source control and pipeline management. Team members will have the opportunity to work with platforms such as the Azure Spring Apps, Application Insights, Databricks, Azure Data Factory, Data Lake Storage and Azure SQL.
Responsibilities
Join a distributed DevOps team focusing on Finance applications, driving  continuous improvement and be a key person in demanding projects.
Contribute to the design, implementation and maintenance of new features / interfaces of our platforms, ensuring the delivery of high-quality code focusing on simplicity, performance, maintainability and scalability.
Support the full life-cycle of various applications and components.
Investigate and address security and compliance topics within our domain.
Help us appraise and then deliver new, innovative and creative ideas & technologies to evolve our platforms.
Employee perks, benefits
- flexible working time
- hybrid type of home-office
- kindergarten - available in our building
- yearly salary re-evaluation
- sick days
- MultiSport card
- mental & medical health support
- public transport donation
Information about the selection process
In case of your interest to apply for this position, please, send us your curriculum vitae on pavel.stojka@sourcefirstinternational.com.
We always have several positions for IT specialists in Slovakia, in the Czech Republic, but also on foreign projects
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.12.2025
(there are still 58 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our client is stable international company.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Personality requirements and skills
Requirements
Professional work experience in administration and support of software applications
Relational database experience (DML, DDL, modelling, tuning, ETL) - MS SQL preferred
Experience in workflow orchestration and scheduling
DevOps experience (familiarity with CI/CD tools)
Experience with scripting (Windows & Linux)
Understanding of the key ITIL processes of incident, problem and release management
Ability to collaborate in globally distributed team
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Pavel Stojka
Tel.:
+421902235479
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5182953
Dátum zverejnenia:
31.10.2025
2025-10-31
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Administrator
,
DevOps Engineer
,
IT System Administrator
,
Systems Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month