IT Tech Lead (JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular, Node)
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Start date
By agreement
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/month
plus attractive benefit system
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
- Collaborate with the Product Owner to understand product changes and propose technical solutions.
- Analyse customer requirements and break them down into development tasks for individual developers.
- Ensure developers have the necessary technical information and guidance for their work.
- Lead development projects based on the requirements, acting as a technical advisor.
- Communicate with customers throughout the project lifecycle, discussing technical details of solution implementation and addressing any related questions, showcasing progress.
- Make key technical decisions to steer project development.
Employee perks, benefits
- Competitive      salary and benefits package.
- Opportunity      to work on groundbreaking projects with a direct impact on the      meteorological industry.
- Collaborative      and inclusive work environment that values your input and ideas.
- Continuous      learning and professional development opportunities.
- Access to      cutting-edge technologies and tools.
Information about the selection process
In case of your interest to apply for this position, please, send us your curriculum vitae on jakub.halajcik @sourcefirstinternational.com.
We always have several positions for IT specialists in Slovakia, in the Czech Republic, but also on foreign projects
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.12.2025
(there are still 58 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our client is a dynamic technology company specialising in advanced solutions.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT, Information technologies, Technologies, Telco
Personality requirements and skills
- Experience in technical leadership of software development projects, whether in a professional, or open-source setting.
- Programming experience in TypeScript, C++, Python, Java, or similar languages, with a solid understanding of code reading, software design, and object-oriented design.
- Expertise in conducting rigorous code reviews to ensure high standards of code quality and providing constructive feedback for continuous improvement.
- Passion for innovation, creative problem-solving, and continuous learning.
- Open-mindedness and a willingness to learn, especially given the specific nature of meteorology.
- Upper-intermediate knowledge of English (at least B2 level) for teleconferences, on-site visits, reading requirements, and writing technical specifications.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Jakub Halajcik
Tel.:
+421902528675
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5182417
Dátum zverejnenia:
31.10.2025
2025-10-31
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Architect
,
IT Consultant
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month