Senior Analytics & AI Engineer (Python,Generative AI)
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
Upon agreement
Wage (gross)
3 300 - 4 500 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Our mission is to harness the power of Data Analytics and Generative AI to create a competitive advantage for our business. By generating actionable insights, we aim to enhance data-driven decision-making and improve business outcomes.
We're looking for a Senior Analytics & AI Engineer to join our team and help us to build the bridge between business and engineering. If you enjoy a combination of business interaction, hands-on technical work, and product management in a global environment, this might be the perfect role for you! You'll get to participate in a variety of interesting initiatives, playing a crucial role in translating business needs and strategies into actionable insights, developing analytics and AI products, leveraging the latest technologies such as Generative AI.
Responsibilities:
-Drive and shape data & AI products from business value concepts to production, leveraging our strategic platforms like Palantir.
-Collaborate with cross-functional teams and stakeholders to understand and translate business requirements into technical specifications and actionable plans, ensuring successful delivery.
-Design and develop user-centric data & AI applications (in Python/PySpark), that align with business and technological requirements, emphasizing user experience & data storytelling.
-Stay up to date with the latest technologies and best practices to drive sustainable and efficient data products.
Employee perks, benefits
​​​- flexible working time
​​​- hybrid type of home-office
​​​- kindergarten - available in our building
​​​- yearly salary re-evaluation
​​​- sick days
​​​- MultiSport card
​​​- mental & medical health support
- public transport donation
Expected date of completion of the selection process
12.12.2025
(there are still 39 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our Client is one of the world’s leading technology providers.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Personality requirements and skills
Requirements
-Experience in building data-driven applications with a user-focused mindset and storytelling with data
-Experience in designing, implementing and maintaining robust data pipelines
-Proficiency in modern coding languages, such as Python
-Good communication in English, with the ability to explain technical concepts in a clear way for non-technical audiences
Nice to Have Skills
-Knowledge of Azure, Microsoft Power BI and Typescript
-Project management abilities within agile frameworks
-Experience with Machine Learning and familiarity with LLMs
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Jakub Halajcik
Tel.:
+421902528675
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5182414
Dátum zverejnenia:
31.10.2025
2025-10-31
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Architect
,
Database Administrator
,
Database Analyst
,
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 300 EUR/month