Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia
O nás
Voľné pozície
Firemná kultúra
Benefity
Kontakt
Technical
Senior Data Scientist for NLP - Košice
We are a small team in a big company, mainly adopting agile methodology. We provide Data Science solutions for internal customers inside Deutsche Telekom and our skills and solutions are continually in high demand. Therefore, we want to increase the size of our team with additional technical people that know how to process and analyze data so we can serve and satisfy needs of even more customers.
We are looking for somebody who can work independently, create working solutions quickly, creatively come up with new ideas, but also knows how to use and where to look for existing solutions. Our project members are situated in Germany, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Romania so video conferencing is the daily standard.
Apply now and design with us the world of tomorrow.
Contract type
full-time
Place of work
Košice, Slovak Republic
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/month
About
the position
Which challenges are expecting you:
You will be applying Deep learning approaches like (Bi-)LSTM and LLMs on our NLP products for internal customers of the Deutsche Telekom group
You will prepare training & evaluation pipelines and apply state of the art Machine Learning approaches to improve processes in Finance (Controlling, Treasury, Accounting), Procurement, HR, and others
You will contribute in designing & implementing prototypes of innovative LLM applications in Python
You will cooperate with the business side including your active contribution in customer workshops, meetings, and calls so the ability to explain technical points to business colleagues is a crucial part of this job, as is a consultant’s mindset
You will participate in team brainstorming sessions, code reviews, and pair programming sessions
Depending on the use case, you will have the opportunity to work with a variety of state of the art tools and technologies
You will have the chance to identify possible use cases for automation and data science, innovative ideas are welcome
We work in a HYBRID STYLE of working with the possibility of working from home , but twice a week we meet in the office in Košice or Bratislava for meetings.
The published salary is the minimum possible offer.
The starting salary may be higher depending on the extent of fulfillment of the employee's requirements (education, language skills, required practice, personality assumptions and skills).
What
we expect
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
Your skills:
Language: Fluent written and spoken English
Education in the IT field would be beneficial
More than 4 years working experience with Data Science projects, preferably with text data and related language models
Preferably you have experience in working with LLMs / generative models
You are good at programming in Python and are confident of working with APIs.
We work with Jupyter Notebook and other IDEs. Experience with these tools is more than welcome but not necessary
You are aware of and willing to apply Agile methodology (Scrum, XP, Kanban, etc.)
You are not afraid to ask questions when something is not clear or point out when something seems inefficient to you
You are an analytical thinker, have an affinity for structure, grasp things fast and work systematically
You can develop working solutions quickly and you get things done
Nice to have:
German language skills
Cloud DevOps Skills: Familiarity with containerization (Docker), CI/CD tools (GitHub Actions, GitLab CI), and deployment to cloud platforms (Azure, AWS, GCP) to ensure scalability and production-readiness.
Familarity with MLOps or AI Workflow Orchestration Tools such as MLflow or Dagster
Domain-Specific Experience in Telco or Finance industries
Interpersonal Skills:
Proactivity towards customer service is essential.
Flexible and responsive to changing work patterns and demands
A thorough and methodical approach to work
Highly developed skills in interpersonal communication
Knowledge sharing – active contributor.
Benefits
that make you happy
Annual bonus
Fully paid meal vouchers
Mobile phone also for private use
Discounts for selected Telekom products
Supplementary pension saving contribution
Cafeteria system of benefits/Multisport card
Sick days
Sports club & Health days
Teambuildings, summer & Christmas party
Opportunities for career growth
Referral program
Flexible working time
About
the selection process
We are dedicated to constantly promoting equal employment opportunities and are ready to make reasonable adjustments for applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in our job opportunity and meet our job requirements for this position, we encourage you to confidentially notify us if you need specific accommodations to ensure your full participation in our recruitment process at recruitment@telekom.com.
Snažíme sa neustále podporovať rovnaké príležitosti v zamestnaní a sme pripravení urobiť primerané úpravy pre uchádzačov so zdravotným postihnutím. Ak máte záujem o túto pracovnú príležitosť a spĺňate požiadavky inzerovaného pracovného miesta, odporúčame vám, aby ste nám dôverne oznámili, ak potrebujete osobitné úpravy, ktoré vám zabezpečia plnohodnotnú účasť na našom náborovom procese na recruitment@telekom.com.
Send CV
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5182931
Dátum zverejnenia:
28.10.2025
2025-10-28
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month