Software Project Engineer for GridSoftware
Place of work
Lamačská cesta, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Start date
ASAP / By agreement
Contract type
full-time
Salary
2 000 EUR/month
From 2 000 EUR / month + variable part*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. This salary is for junior candidate. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions. Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
About us
Siemens
We are a technology company focused on industry, infrastructure, transport, and healthcare. By combining the real and the digital worlds, we empower our customers to transform their industries and markets, helping them to transform the everyday for billions of people.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
In Siemens Smart Infrastructure Grid Software, we are looking for a new passionate colleague to support us in the field of energy transition with the priority of stabilizing the European power grid as quickly as possible
In Grid Software, we’re mainly working on equipping control centers with a software bundle called Spectrum Power™. Beyond traditional grid operation, Spectrum Power™ solutions actively help grid operators manage, orchestrate, and optimize their transmission and distribution systems. Over 1,300 Spectrum Power™ systems in operation keep the lights on for hundreds of millions of people around the globe.
We are looking for a new collegue to our team located in Bratislava. The position will allow the successful candidate to bring engineering know-how together with software skills and work in a field with enormous impact on the future. Join our dynamic team at Smart Infrastructure (SI), a leading provider of innovative control center software solutions for power transmission grid operators and power generation companies. We are dedicated to enhancing the efficiency, reliability, and security of power systems worldwide.
Tasks:
You are responsible for software engineering in the area of performance-frequency control in customer projects (mainly European grid operators and energy producers).
Requirements discussions, solution concepts, implementation, testing and troubleshooting during engineering.
Specification and development of project-specific extensions, from small adjustments to completely new functions.
Depending on the project, travel and on-site work at customers' locations (Europe, worldwide, close cooperation with Vienna team) are also planned.
Future development opportunities to project manager or technical expert.
Expected Qualifications:
Technical education (University degree) preferably in energy technology or electrical engineering. Fields such as computer science, control and automation technology, etc., are also welcome.
Interest in one or more of the following topics:
Requirements of the European electricity market (ENTSO-E)
Control center software for power grid operators
Software development and maintenance (C/C++, SQL, Oracle Databases, Git)
Analytical mind: solving complex problems, both in communication with customers and in technical project engineering.
Interest in software, programming, and energy technology.
(German is advantage)
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Technical education
We offer
Home office, telework
Flexible working hours (9:00 – 15:00), short Fridays
Bridge days – 3 days/year
Sick days – 3 days/year
Additional paid leave
Cafeteria system - BenefitPlus = 300 points / € per year
Contribution to 3rd pillar pension up to 3% of gross salary (after the employment trial period)
Sick leave compensation and Sick Leave to Care for a Family Member compensation (up to 100% of salary, 20 days/year)
Childbirth bonus of 300€
Contribution for attending a preschool facility (200€)
Contribution for representative sports activities
MultiSport
2 SIM cards with discounted employee flat rate also for family members
Employee referral bonus up to 2 000€
Opportunity to invest in the purchase of Siemens shares
Discounts for employees (electronics, language courses, vacation stays...)
Discounted employee´s loans
Wellbeing program, Health Day, team-building program
Education in various fields of your choice
Work anniversary present and life anniversary contribution
Valuable gift on the occasion of retirement
How it looks here
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5182416
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.10.2025
2025-10-27
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Electrical Engineer
,
Power Engineer
,
Project Manager
,
Software Engineer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month