Web Automation Tester (Cypress/Selenium/Playwright, TypeScript)
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
By an agreement
Wage (gross)
2 100 - 3 000 EUR/month
Salary is based considering the skills and experience that you bring. Possibility for extra rewards and benefits including an attractive performance-based bonus.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for Automated Tester with focus on Web Testing.
-implement and maintain automated test scenarios
-Maintain and improve the existing automated tests
-Work with the Product Owner to understand product changes and the technical aspects of solutions
-Collaborate with other automation testers to share knowledge and improve test strategies
-Analyse test results and report bugs in a clear and efficient manner
Employee perks, benefits
Flexible working hours
Opportunity to travel abroad
Attractive financial bonuses
Fruit, cafeteria
Company events
Hybrid home office​​
Information about the selection process
In case of your interest to apply for this position, please, send us your curriculum vitae on pavel.stojka@sourcefirstinternational.com.
We always have several positions for IT specialists in Slovakia, in the Czech Republic, but also on foreign projects
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.1.2026
(there are still 89 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
The company creates software products and provides services worldwide.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Personality requirements and skills
Requirements
-Solid experience in test automation using modern testing frameworks for web applications (e.g. Cypress, Playwright, Postman, Selenium, Jest, Mocha, etc.)
-Programming experience in TypeScript or similar languages
-Problem-solving skills and the ability to troubleshoot and resolve issues efficiently
-Open-mindedness and a willingness to learn, especially given the specific nature of meteorology
Nice to Have Skills
-Knowledge of Angular framework and its testing tools (e.g. Cypress)
-Experience with different types of automation testing, such as performance (e.g., JMeter, LoadRunner), security (e.g., OWASP), and accessibility testing (e.g. WCAG 2.2 AA).
-Experience integrating tests into CI/CD pipelines (e.g. Gitlab CI, Jenkins, GitHub, etc.)
-Knowledge of Cucumber or other BDD frameworks.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Pavel Stojka
Tel.:
+421902235479
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5182958
Dátum zverejnenia:
31.10.2025
2025-10-31
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Frontend developer
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
,
IT Tester
,
Javascript Programmer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 100 EUR/month