Product Manager with German language (Position with travel abroad.
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava region, Germany, Switzerland (The job requires travelling)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
Upon agreement
Wage (gross)
3 800 - 5 000 EUR/month
Upon agreement.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Drive the definition, development, and management of our product portfolio for process monitoring devices and their accessories, including software tools. You will play a key role in achieving quantitative, qualitative, and strategic goals within the Business Unit Assembly Process Control.
Main Responsibilities:
-Implement product management for ou products and related accessories, including software tools.
- Strategically develop and expand the product portfolio to meet market needs and company objectives.
- Monitor market trends and competitors to identify new applications and business opportunities.
- Initiate and oversee the development of new products, maintain existing ones, and archive discontinued products according to the product life-cycle.
- Collaborate cross-functionally with production, service, sales, and R&D teams to ensure seamless product management.
- Prepare and maintain product documentation, including datasheets, manuals, brochures, and press releases.
- Conduct profitability and statistical analyses (e.g., investment calculations, unit tracking).
- Define pricing strategies and product specifications, creating requirement documents as needed.
- Analyze customer requirements and develop tailored solutions.
- Build and share application know-how across the Business Unit and Sales Centers.
- Support and deliver internal and external training sessions.
- Work closely with marketing to develop and execute marketing strategies, campaigns, and trade fair appearances.
- Provide temporary guidance to trainees and interns.
Employee perks, benefits
Hybrid working model – home office up to 60% a week (based on the agreement with your team lead). We trust that you know how to organize your time to stay productive
Regular performance review and career growth possibilities
A dynamic and challenging role in a global company
Close collaboration with business drivers and key users
Support for ongoing professional development to expand your technical and professional knowledge
Electric stand-up desk and ergonomic chair
100% salary reimbursement for 10 days of sick leave
25 days of vacation for everybody
Compensation of travelling time in case of business trip (extra allowance)
Extra contribution in significant life events – weddings and childbirths, rehousing
Relocation bonus for employees who are moving because of Kistler (over 100 km)
Budget for education, certificates, trainings - 500 EUR/year
Online English & German language courses
​
Information about the selection process
Please send your CV to jakub.halajcik@sourcefirstinternational.com
We always have several positions for IT Specialists not only in Slovakia and the Czech Republic, but also on foreign projects.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
22.12.2025
(there are still 49 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our client is high-tech company and the global market leader in measurement technology.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Personality requirements and skills
Language skills: English - Upper intermediate (B2) and German - Upper intermediate (B2)
We are looking for someone with:
-Entrepreneurial mindset with a focus on results.
-Winning mentality and a drive for excellence.
-Curiosity and innovative thinking.
-Strong customer focus and global perspective.
-Ability to simplify complexity and stay focused on priorities.
Must have:
-Minimum of 3 years experience in product management.
-Degree in Automation, Mechatronics, Electrical Engineering, or a similar technical field.
-Affinity or experience with software engineering.
-Strong quality awareness and analytical skills.
-Excellent German and English language skills.
-Willingness to travel approximately 40%.
-Experience in measuring technology or machine building is advantage.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Jakub Halajcik
Tel.:
+421902528675
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5182419
Dátum zverejnenia:
31.10.2025
2025-10-31
lokalita:
Bratislava region, Germany, Switzerland (The job requires travelling)
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
IT Manager
,
IT Product Manager
,
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 800 EUR/month