Turn the present into
a sustainable future
You can achieve it with
Kanadevia Inova.
We turn waste
into energy
We design solutions
for a sustainable future.
Work on
global projects
Kanadevia Inova professionals have
a common vision of sustainability.
About Us
Benefits
Open Positions
Senior Cloud Infrastructure  Engineer
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 500 EUR/month
+13th salary + Bonus Salary can be adjusted higher, considering the seniority of the applicant
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Company Description
Welcome to Kanadevia Inova, a global innovation leader in the waste infrastructure space, where we believe in creating a sustainable future through technology and innovation.
Transforming Waste into Value
At Kanadevia Inova, we pride ourselves on being at the forefront of waste-to-X technology. We are not just waste managers; we are creators of value from what communities discard. Your role at Kanadevia Inova directly contributes to turning something once considered useless - waste - into something invaluable: energy, heat, hydrogen, fertilizer, and beyond..
Find out more about Kanadevia Inova at www.kanadevia-inova.com.
Job Description
As a Senior Cloud Infrastructure Engineer, you'll optimize our hybrid infrastructure, managing architecture, cloud services, identity, and automation with expertise in Microsoft technologies and Azure.
Architect and manage hybrid cloud solutions, integrating on-premises infrastructure with Azure services.
Design and implement virtualization solutions using platforms like Hyper-V and VMware.
Develop and maintain automation frameworks with PowerShell, Azure Automation, and Infrastructure as Code.
Administer and optimize Active Directory, Entra ID (Azure AD), and Microsoft 365 services (Exchange, SharePoint, Teams).
Implement security best practices, disaster recovery, and provide expert troubleshooting for infrastructure issues.
Qualifications
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft server technologies and cloud services
Strong expertise in virtualization technologies (Hyper-V, VMware) and proven experience with Azure cloud architecture and services
Extensive knowledge of Active Directory and Entra ID administration
Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate (required), Identity and Access Administrator Associate, Microsoft Certified: Information Protection and Compliance Administrator Associate, ITIL Foundation certification (desirable).
Fluent in English; German language skills beneficial
Additional Information
Employee perks, benefits
Employment contract for an indefinite period
+ 13th Salary
Annual Bonus
Flexible working time (core time 9-3:00)
Home Office possible 2 days a week
Extra days of leave
Sick Days
Recreation allowance
Referral Program
Travel allowance
The third pillar of the pension scheme
Support for professional and career growth, education and training
For HR agencies: Please note that we do not accept applications coming from agencies. Thank you.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Kanadevia Inova Slovensko – a Slovak signature in the world of global projects.
Kanadevia Inova Slovensko is proof that even from our small country we can be part of global projects. And the results are felt across cities, countries and continents.
Kanadevia Inova Slovensko has been growing since its inception in 2017, and we currently have more than 200 employees based here. With an office in Levice and a brand new base in Bratislava in the city’s super-modern Digital Park, we plan to expand further. To support our global growth and help us anchor a position of leadership in the sector, we are looking for new colleagues in Levice or Bratislava in areas such as engineering, procurement, project management, quality, IT, People & Culture (known in other companies as HR), finance, and administration.
If you want a job that makes a difference, where you can define your own career path and contribute to sustainability, then Kanadevia Inova is the place for you.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Monika Hrico
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Keep in touch
with us
Explore our
benefits
More
about us
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5182724
Dátum zverejnenia:
28.10.2025
2025-10-28
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Architect
,
IT Network Administrator
,
IT Security Specialist
,
IT System Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Kanadevia Inova Slovensko s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month