Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Non technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Tech-savvy Technical Product Owner HR
Place of work
Moldavská cesta 8B, Košice-Juh, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
As a Technical Product Owner, you translate business strategy into digital product solutions that shape how our employees develop and perform. You are the bridge between HR, IT, and our users — ensuring our products deliver value, simplicity, and impact.
What will you do?
Key accountabilities
Turn strategy into action: Translate business needs into (IT) Products
Build digital solutions: Coordinate with design, engineering, and data teams to deliver scalable, user-centered HR products in an agile, international environment.
Lead by example: You are savvy with tech and can lead the way in finding modern solutions to the requirements – hands-on.
Represent your product: Act as an ambassador, aligning senior stakeholders on key product decisions.
Champion the user: Use research, analytics, and feedback loops to understand employee needs and improve experience and adoption.
Manage partners: Coordinate and steer external vendors to ensure quality and compliance.
You will succeed if you:
Your profile
University degree.
At least 5 years of experience in digital or technical product management.
You love to mock-up your own products, quickly.
You bring knowledge of which tech stacks work for which use cases or know how to investigate around it.
Proven success leading cross-functional IT or HR tech projects.
Strong customer-centric mindset and ability to translate business needs into digital solutions.
Nice to have: experience with building custom solutions (using AI).
Fluent in English; German is a plus.
Flexible for international travel.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Lucia Vajdová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5182287
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.10.2025
2025-10-27
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
,
IT Project Manager
,
Scrum Master
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month