Commissioning Engineer
Talentor Advanced Search, s.r.o.
Place of work
Cheb, Czechia
Contract type
full-time
Start date
1.11.2025
Wage (gross)
From 100 000 Kč/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
The Senior Software Commissioning Engineer will plan, organize, and onsite test multiple complex technical projects involving several system integration points and Client specific development. The position requires the implementer to take projects from original concept through final implementation and is responsible for working on project teams in all aspects of software verification.
Key Responsibilities
Create and maintain documentation for WES/WCS software solutions
Collaborate with project managers throughout the entire project lifecycle
Design and execute test cases to validate logic and performance of new or updated software
Communicate with development and QA teams to clarify requirements and ensure alignment with product design
Provide feedback to the R&D team based on client implementation experiences
Deliver post-project documentation and technical insights (lessons learned)
Support troubleshooting of high-tier technical issues
Mentor and guide junior commissioning engineers
Required Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Engineering, IT, or related field
6+ years of experience with supply chain/distribution/warehouse management and control systems
Strong knowledge of Material Handling Systems or WCS platforms
Solid understanding of networking protocols (TCP/IP, FTP, SOA)
Experience with databases and operating systems (Linux, Windows)
Experience with the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Strong problem-solving, organizational, and communication skills
Excellent English (spoken and written)
Client-facing professionalism and ability to work across technical and non-technical teams
Nice to Have
Experience with Java JSE/JEE (Swing, Applets)
Experience with real-time or enterprise-scale applications
Familiarity with Agile development methodologies (Scrum, Kanban)
Experience with AutoStore or similar automation technologies
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Transportation, logistics
Fortna is an international company delivering cutting-edge warehouse automation and supply chain solutions for global brands. In the Czech Republic, the team is working on a large-scale logistics project combining modern technologies, process optimization, and smart warehouse management systems.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
4
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Talentor Advanced Search je agenturou orientovanou na lidi.
Pro nás to znamená, že od prvního kontaktu věnujeme uchazečům nadprůměrnou péči.
Každý z Vás je zajímavý a má své místo na trhu práce, možná právě my Vám nabídneme ideální pracovní pozici, která Vám bude vyhovovat a umožní Vaší kariéře start, akceleraci nebo prostě „jen změnu“.
Přesvědčte se sami, že kandidáti jsou pro nás stejně důležití jako naši klienti.
Talentor Advanced Search, s.r.o. - personální agentura kde se budete cítit pohodlně.
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
10-19 employees
Contact
Contact person: Jakub Studenovský
Tel.:
+420734319979
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5183624
Dátum zverejnenia:
29.10.2025
2025-10-29
lokalita:
Cheb
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Talentor Advanced Search, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
100 000 Kč/month