QA Engineer
VISSIM s.r.o.
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
2 100 EUR/month
Final salary will be agreed based on experience/knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Our values are based on principles as openness, tolerance and willingness to give and receive feedback.
We care a lot about our people and we support them.
We work on our own products and the quality of our products is very important to us.
Your goal will be to be a team player who shares the same values with us and loves product ownership and clean code.
Position goals:
The QA Engineer role plays an important part in our company’s product development process. Our ideal candidate will be responsible for conducting tests before product launches to ensure software runs smoothly and meets client needs, while being cost-effective.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Gather and analyses specifications and requirements.
Estimate and plan testing efforts on the project.
The test case, checklist, test design documentation creation.
​Perform smoke, functional, non-functional and regression testing.​
Impact and root cause analysis.
​Creation of Test Cases, Test plans and Test summary reports.​
​Test analysis and reporting to management.​
Promoting the continuous improvement of tests and best practices related to software quality.
Work with Quality Risks.
Be flexible to change and open to new challenges.
KEY REQUIREMENTS
Education:
University education - IT.
Certifications:
ISTQB Foundation Level certification (nice to have).
Experience:
3+ years of Quality Assurance experience.
Knowledge of software testing theory and the ability to put that knowledge into practice.
Knowledge and understanding of agile methodologies.
Requirements gathering and analysis experience.
Understanding of different estimation techniques.
Experience with the use of different test design techniques.
Hands-on experience in automated API testing.
Understanding of CI/CD principles.
Experience with test automation frameworks like Playwright, PactumJS, and Mocha.
Understanding of the basics of programming (TypeScript).
Skills:
Ability to deliver test artefacts.
Excellent communication skills.
Desire to learn and improve yourself.
SW and HW skills.
Employee perks, benefits
•	Opportunity to work on our own products in a very unique domain - offshore energy
•	Flexible working hours and hybrid working model
•	Working in an environment where we continuously introduce the latest processes and approaches,  to increase customer success as well as DX
•	Internal technical talks and mentoring (code reviews, pair programming, shadowing,...)
•	Personal development (1:1, internal coaching). We will help you to profile yourself according to your skills and motivation dynamically
•	Books and materials you need for your education and development
•	Health package - height adjustable tables, ergonomic chairs, fruit
•	Benefit system tailored for each employee focused on well-being and development
•	Team-buildings and company retreats
•	Nice new downtown office
•	Regular team breakfast, coffee and snacks
•	Financial contributions for home internet, III.pension pillar, for lifetime jubilees etc.
•	Loyalty bonus
•	Extra vacation and Birthday Off
•	Health Day, Sport Day, grill parties
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT, technical
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Software testing - Advanced
System testing - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
min. 3 years of experience in SW testing
Number of years of experience
3
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Vissim s.r.o. is a subsidiary of Norway's Vissim AS, a leading market monitoring and traffic management company in ports, oil platforms, and surrounding wind farms. The main advantage of our software is that it can process large amounts of data, integrate and display it in real time for operator needs. In conjunction with the software, the company delivers comprehensive hardware for monitoring and communication. The best example is a project in the North Sea, where Vissim integrates 100 radars on 70 platforms along with AIS sensors and a communications network.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Petra Evinová
Tel.:
+421904222717
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5184384
Dátum zverejnenia:
30.10.2025
2025-10-30
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
VISSIM s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 100 EUR/month