Student for AI-Rad Companion
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
part-time
Salary
7 EUR/hour
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Do you want to experience state-of-the-art technologies while still at university? Do you want to enhance your knowledge base about Cloud, CI/CD and DevOps technologies? Do you want to use your programming skills and explore AI tools like GitHub Copilot with various LLM models to save lives? If your answer is YES, make a difference and help us empower doctors in diagnosing a wide range of diseases from medical images.
We are a highly organized team committed to excellence working on a cutting-edge medical imaging software built on microservices architecture and utilizing innovative technologies such as Kubernetes, Docker, Azure Services.
As our
Working
Student C# Software Engineer
, you will:
develop and improve medical imaging software using C# and .NET
implement features that enhance diagnostics, directly impacting patient care
contribute to test automation and maintain high software quality
collaborate in an agile team environment, leveraging DevOps and microservices architecture
What can you do to join us:
demonstrate some level of experience in C# and .NET development
let us see your proactive approach to learning and problem-solving
have a chat with us in English (B2 - written and spoken)
prove your experience with test automation and quality assurance (optional for student)
show us your familiarity with cloud technologies (preferably Azure), DevOps practices and microservices (optional for student)
If you’re ready to make a difference in healthcare, we’d love to hear from you! Apply Now and became part of our journey to create the future of medical diagnostics.
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards:
starting from 7 EUR brutto /hour
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
. As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Hybrid type of work – combination of telework and work from office
Flexible Working Hours
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5184965
Dátum zverejnenia:
31.10.2025
2025-10-31
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
7 EUR/hour