Monitoring Operator
Košice, Košický kraj, Slovakia
Changing the world, influencing the digital future!
Expect more. Connect more. Be more at Diebold Nixdorf.
More than 160 years ago, we started by manufacturing safes and vaults - security is encoded in our DNA. We are pioneers in development, sales and service of ATMs, cash registers and self-checkouts, including development and supply of SW and HW. Our teams do everything possible to make shopping and paying as convenient as possible for users. We are the innovation partner for most of the financial institutions and retail chains. Together, we impact the lives of more than 75 million people worldwide.
Our solutions
connect the physical and digital worlds through cash and non-cash transactions
- quickly, securely and efficiently.
The Košice branch of Diebold Nixdorf was officially opened in November 2017. We are a strategic delivery center where experts work in the areas of corporate infrastructure, application management, information security, as well as in teams dealing with IT processes. Since its beginning in Košice, the company has established itself on the local market of IT companies, we participate in job fairs, we have established cooperation with many schools and organize a lot of activities for our employees.
Position overview
Provides basic customer support by monitoring service functionality, creating and routing service requests and incident tickets to expert teams, and managing user accounts in various applications. Ensures smooth operation of services and acts as the first point of contact for technical issues.
Are you ready to be part of our friendly team? Now you have the chance!
RESPONSIBILITIES
Gains familiarity with Service Support concepts, practices and methodologies
Studies and complies with the company's product support and related case management policies and procedures
With guidance, performs standard Product Support duties, including: Working with senior team members to understand customer identified product issues and problems
Troubleshooting problems (For Example, with customer configuration, company software or other integration points)
Assisting with customer and / or technician training and supporting material development
Identifying / resolving issues that prevent customers from getting full value from the company's products and services
Ensuring proper follow-up with customers and internal service providers
Escalates complex issues and high-impact problems to senior team members, team lead and / or the according resolver groups
Provides on-site technical support and co-operates with other stakeholders to resolve issues or support customers
QUALIFICATIONS
Basic IT Skills
Minimum of 0-2 years of relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and experience in Service Support
Good business English skills (Written and spoken)
Knowledge of Slovak is desirable
Open to work night shift, 12 hours shift, on weekends and bank holidays
Get to know our team and how we work
In our team, every day is different. You'll join a group of 10 colleagues, led by Pavol Demjanic, who makes sure our projects get done around the world. We are an open, friendly, direct and very passionate team! We make sure that everything we create runs smoothly. Freedom is very important to us, and we strive to give everyone the space for self-realization and personal development.
WHAT DO WE OFFER?
Prestige -
we are a Key Partner to Financial institutions and Retailers
Stability & perspective-
we have been on the market for many years and operate globally
Great team -
we maintain friendly and helpful relationships, we are not just colleagues
Future career -
you can become a team leader or specialize in your field, grow with us
Innovation and development -
we support individual development and professional training; experienced colleagues are also happy to pass on their experience
Remuneration -
in addition to fair wages, we have annual bonuses according to the company results
Flexibility -
we accommodate parents and support work-life balance. We offer flexible home office including flexible working hours.
Public transport -
we will reimburse you for a yearly voucher for Košice MHD / Slovak Bus Lines (AD) / Slovak Railway Transport
Time off -
5 weeks holiday + 3 sick days
Equipment -
of course you get a laptop and phone including unlimited tariff and data
Cafeteria -
you choose your own benefits; we will give you generous budget per year to your cafeteria account
Meal vouchers -
you get your meal allowance from day one
MultiSport -
we support the physical and mental health of our colleagues
The future -
we contribute to your pension insurance
Allowance for working from home -
we contribute monthly to your home internet or electricity
Good thing -
we give you 2 days of paid time off for volunteering
Modern offices -
relax zones, gym equipment, video games and great workspace with view on the city
Starting salary
from 1050EUR gross/month- the final offer depends on proven experience.
In addition to the base salary
, the employee is entitled to extra pay for working in shifts, in accordance with applicable legislation
Our success is never a job for one person! We look forward to you joining our team. Don't miss the opportunity to become one of us!
ABOUT US
Why should you join Diebold Nixdorf?
Brightest minds + technology and innovation + business transformation  The people of Diebold Nixdorf are 23,000+ teammates of diverse talents and expertise in more than 130 countries, harnessing future technologies to deliver personalized, secure consumer experiences that connect people to commerce. Our culture is fueled by our values of collaboration, decisiveness, urgency, willingness to change, and accountability.
-Diebold Nixdorf is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
** To all recruitment agencies: Diebold Nixdorf does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Diebold Nixdorf employees or any other organization location. Diebold Nixdorf is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes**
We are a global Company operating in multiple Locations and Entities. As we are keen to find the best solution for our candidates several legal entities might be applicable for a Job offer. A List of our operating entities can be found here -
https://www.dieboldnixdorf.com/en-us/about-us/global-locations
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5184624
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.11.2025
2025-11-03
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Customer Support Specialist
,
Helpdesk Operator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Diebold Nixdorf
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 050 EUR/month