About us
Open positions
Benefits
Contact
Marketing Mix Modeling Specialist
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary *
From 1 800 EUR/month
Contract type
full-time
* Of course, an overpayment is possible depending on the respective training, qualification and professional experience. The gross salary is based on these aforementioned criteria and is finally determined after the personal interview.
Henkel operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in two exciting business areas: Consumer Brands (Laundry & Home Care and Beauty Care) and Adhesive Technologies. Our success is built on constant innovation and people who strive for excellence. Working at Henkel is much more than just a job. It's a passion. Have you got what it takes?
Your role
Prepare and maintain Marketing Mix Models and related analyses, ensuring the quality, accuracy, and timely delivery of models, data, and analyses to stakeholders
Collect, structure, and validate data from various internal and external sources, e.g. media, sales, pricing, promotions, etc.
Develop insights and recommendations to support marketing investment optimization and broader business decision-making
Collaborate with stakeholders and cross-functional teams to interpret results and present findings in a clear and actionable way
Drive the continuous improvement of modeling methodologies, data quality, and analytical workflows
Your skills
University or College degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Data Science, Marketing Analytics, Computer Science or a related quantitative field
Advanced knowledge of Python, knowledge of at least some of these modules is a plus: Pandas, MatPlotLib, PyMC, Meridian
Advanced knowledge of MS Excel
Proficiency in English is a must
Organized, detail-oriented, and analytical thinker with a structured approach to problem-solving
Knowledge of statistical methods, regression analysis, and interpretation of analytical results
Solid communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work effectively in a team
PLEASE SEND YOUR CV IN ENGLISH
Benefits we offer
Flexible work scheme with flexible hours, hybrid work model and up to 30 days per year for remote work abroad
Diverse national and international growth opportunities
Globally applicable well-being standards, including health and preventive care programs
Gender-neutral parental leave for a minimum of 8 weeks
Employee Share Plan with voluntary investment and Henkel matching shares
13th salary, incentives
Cafeteria benefit system, Multisport card
Henkel shop and Henkel nursery school
Extra paid days off for special life situations, referral and relocation bonus
#HenkelSlovensko
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5184465
Dátum zverejnenia:
30.10.2025
2025-10-30
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
IT Analyst
,
Marketing Analyst
,
Marketing Specialist
,
Reporting Specialist
Spoločnosť:
HENKEL SLOVENSKO, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 800 EUR/month