Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia
O nás
Voľné pozície
Firemná kultúra
Benefity
Kontakt
Technical
Build the Future of AI as a Senior Python Developer (LLM & NLP Focus)
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe is an internal services provider of Deutsche Telekom, one of the world's leading integrated telecommunications companies. Our shared mission is to put priority on customer satisfaction, quality and innovations in areas of finance and procurement services. We are on our way to become industry's top service company and we want you to be a part of the success story!
Apply now and design with us the world of tomorrow.
Contract type
full-time
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/month
About
the position
Which challenges are expecting you:
Enhance and maintain Python backends for LLM-powered agent applications (e.g. chatbots)
Improve customer experience by stabilizing and optimizing existing solutions (visualization, automated validation, function calling, agent actions)
Identify and implement new business requirements
Collaborate closely with business teams – explain technical concepts clearly and contribute to customer workshops and meetings
Take part in brainstorming, code reviews, and pair programming
Proactively suggest automation or data science use cases – your innovative ideas are always welcome!
We work in a HYBRID STYLE of working with the possibility of working from home , but twice a week we meet in the office in Košice or Bratislava for meetings.
The published salary is the minimum possible offer.
The starting salary may be higher depending on the extent of fulfillment of the employee's requirements (education, language skills, required practice, personality assumptions and skills).
What
we expect
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Your skills:
Strong experience in Python development (ideally with FastAPI, Celery, and data science tools)
Hands-on with LLM frameworks like LangChain, LlamaIndex, and OpenAI/Azure APIs
Solid understanding of databases (PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, Elasticsearch)
Experience building RESTful APIs
Agile mindset, flexibility, and teamwork
Passion for sharing knowledge and continuous learning
Fluent English
Nice to have:
German language skills
Prompt engineering experience
Cloud & DevOps familiarity (Docker, CI/CD, Azure/AWS/GCP)
Experience with MLOps/AI orchestration tools (MLflow, Dagster)
Background in Telco or Finance sectors
Interpersonal Skills:
Proactivity towards customer service is essential.
Flexible and responsive to changing work patterns and demands
A thorough and methodical approach to work
Highly developed skills in interpersonal communication
Knowledge sharing – active contributor.
Benefits
that make you happy
Annual bonus
Fully paid meal vouchers
Mobile phone also for private use
Discounts for selected Telekom products
Supplementary pension saving contribution
Cafeteria system of benefits/Multisport card
Sick days
Sports club & Health days
Teambuildings, summer & Christmas party
Opportunities for career growth
Referral program
Flexible working time
About
the selection process
We are dedicated to constantly promoting equal employment opportunities and are ready to make reasonable adjustments for applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in our job opportunity and meet our job requirements for this position, we encourage you to confidentially notify us if you need specific accommodations to ensure your full participation in our recruitment process at recruitment@telekom.com.
Snažíme sa neustále podporovať rovnaké príležitosti v zamestnaní a sme pripravení urobiť primerané úpravy pre uchádzačov so zdravotným postihnutím. Ak máte záujem o túto pracovnú príležitosť a spĺňate požiadavky inzerovaného pracovného miesta, odporúčame vám, aby ste nám dôverne oznámili, ak potrebujete osobitné úpravy, ktoré vám zabezpečia plnohodnotnú účasť na našom náborovom procese na recruitment@telekom.com.
Send CV
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5184835
Dátum zverejnenia:
31.10.2025
2025-10-31
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month