Field Service Engineer for Advanced Medical Devices
SYNEKTIK Czech Republic, s.r.o.
Place of work
Banská Bystrica 10001/, Banská Bystrica, Slovak Republic
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 500 - 3 500 EUR/month
Quarterly bonuses
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Job Title: Field Service Engineer for Advanced Medical Devices
Department: Customer Service
Location: Slovak Republic – all Slovak Republic and Moravia
Reports to: Field Service Manager (FSM)
Joining Synektik Czech Republic means joining a team dedicated to using innovative technology to benefit patients by delivering top quality solutions for the healthcare sector.Passionate people who want to make a difference drive our culture. Our team members are grounded in integrity, have a strong capacity to learn, the energy to get things done. We actively invest in our team members to support their long-term growth so they can continue to advance our mission and achieve their highest potential.
Primary Function of Position
:
We have attracted some of the best and brightest on our team and now we are seeking a Field Service Engineer to manage Customer Technical Relations after the point of Sale on all designated medical devices in Moravia and Slovakia. This position will require you to work independently, manage and prioritize technical escalations, and establish and maintain expectations with both the direct customer and other team members of Synektik.
Roles and Responsibilities
:
Medical devices technical expert across all designated system platforms.
Analyze customer's requirements to ensure effective system installation by providing Pre-site Planning and Installation Coordination with the customer.
Ability to autonomously manage and schedule both planned and unplanned appointments with customers to ensure maximum system reliability, functionality and that uptime guarantees are achieved. Assess and determine follow-up visits to ensure maximum system reliability.
Use discretion and independent judgment when assessing the functionality and repairing medical devices .
Ability to identify, make recommendations, and or provide feedback to Field Service Manager on product or process enhancements that addresses customer concerns.
Prevent or ensure proper technical escalation to resolution.
Use discretion and independent judgment when technical support is required.
Independently manage all administrative duties of role that includes but are not limited to Spare Parts Inventory, Returned Material Authorizations, Calibrated Equipment, Training Documentation, Preventative Maintenance Scheduling.
Support Sales Training and Marketing events by analyzing potential issues and develop strategies to resolve.
Required Knowledqe, Skills, and Experience:
University degree in engineering preferred; or equivalent training/experience which may include extensive course work or study in the field of engineering.
At least 2 years of experience as a Field Service Engineer, experience in the medical device industry is an advantage.
Good written and oral communication skills in English and Czech/Slovak.
Proven ability to work effectively as part of a team.
Excellent interpersonal skills
Strong administrative and record keeping skills
Ability to travel more than 50% of the time.
Training requirements: Attend Field Service training courses as requested by manufacturer.
What we offer
:
We offer the opportunity to become part of a committed, dynamic and professional team.
A positive, supportive and inclusive working environment.
Opportunity for professional growth and self-realization.
Background of a stable company
Adequate salary, bonuses and company benefits
Employee perks, benefits
Educational courses, training
Meal tickets / catering allowance
Sick days
Cell phone
More than 5 weeks of vacation
Car for private purposes
Corporate events
Bonuses
Transport allowance
Children-friendly office
Notebook
Contributions to the pension / life insurance
Dog-friendly office
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Engineering
Driving licence
B
Number of years of experience
3
Advertiser
Contact
Contact person: Silvie Široká
E-mail:
send CV
You can react to this job
without sending your CV
. It is sufficient to fill in a form.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5185552
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.11.2025
2025-11-03
lokalita:
Banská Bystrica
Pozícia:
Service Engineer
Spoločnosť:
SYNEKTIK Czech Republic, s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month