About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Data Engineer
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 400 - 4 100 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between [EUR 2,400] and [EUR 4,100] per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers:
•	the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, 
•	the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience.
In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits.
Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
If you're passionate about building robust data pipelines and enabling smarter decision-making through high-quality data, you’ll thrive here.
Join us to shape the future of data-driven Asset Management.
As part of Swiss Re's Asset Management Digital & Tech organization, we work in a scaled agile model with a shared leadership team and broadly aligned autonomy for our squads. We are located across the globe but share the same values of passion, openness, respect, humility, and curiosity in our team. We strive to improve the quality of our work for our customers every day. As a matter of trust, we give you a high degree of flexibility which matches your independent working style. Is this for you? Then we want to get to know you!
Employee perks, benefits
You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
You’re passionate about engineering and data practices, and you fully understand the value of ETL processes in delivering accurate, reliable, and accessible data. You have a solid technical foundation in data platforms such as Palantir Foundry and relational databases—ideally PostgreSQL.
You thrive in a strong engineering culture, enjoy working in multicultural teams, and actively support your teammates in reaching their full potential. You’re eager to share knowledge, contribute to team growth, and help elevate our agile maturity.
Essentials:
•	Strong understanding of data modelling, ETL processes and data warehousing concepts
•	Experience with Data frameworks (Pandas, PySpark)
•	Strong programming skills in Python
•	Experience with Palantir Foundry, Databricks or similar
•	Proficiency in English (written and spoken)
•	Live a continuous improvement mind-set
•	Entrepreneurial, team player with a can-do attitude
•	Good communication and presentation skills
Nice to haves:
•	Solid applied knowledge of Agile methods, frameworks, and tools
•	Experience with MSBI
•	Software architecture and understanding of tech stacks
•	DevSecOps practices
Take a next step in your career and hit APPLY button. We are looking forward to reviewing your application!
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
1700 and more employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Juraj Naderer
Apply here
ID:
5185024
Dátum zverejnenia:
31.10.2025
2025-10-31
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Administrator
,
Database Analyst
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 400 EUR/month