About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Application Engineer
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 700 - 4 500 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between [EUR 2,700] and [EUR 4,500] per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers:
•	the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, 
•	the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience.
 
In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits.
Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the team & the role
Our team is working on bringing Swiss Re's digital solutions to the next level.
Joining us, will give you an opportunity to work on a modern client solution with a focus on cloud technologies and system integrations, in a collaborative environment with colleagues from Swiss Re's international offices and covering a variety of skills.
Your other responsibilities would be:
•	Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features
•	Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications
•	Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs
•	Help maintain code quality, organization, and automation
Employee perks, benefits
You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
About you
•	Proficiency in several elements of our technology stack (Java, Spring Boot, Hibernate, Docker, PostgreSQL, OAuth) is expected.
•	Dedicated to healthy engineering practices (code review, unit-testing, refactoring, etc.)
•	Practical experience with continuous integration and deployment tools such as Azure DevOps or Gitlab/Github
•	Interested in learning new technologies and frameworks
•	Problem solver with an open mind
•	Team player and self-learner
If you are passionate about backend development and excited about the opportunity to work on a SaaS platform that empowers our clients, we would love to hear from you. Please submit your resume and a cover letter explaining why you are the ideal candidate for this role.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
1700 and more employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Livia Pasztorova
Apply here
ID:
5185772
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.11.2025
2025-11-03
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month