About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Cyber Security Specialist - Hybrid (12-month fixed-term contract, extendable)
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 500 - 2 500 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between [EUR 1,500] and [EUR 2,500] per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers:
•	the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, 
•	the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience.
In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits.
Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
It's all about keeping it safe in the digital world these days – and you can be a part of how that plays out in a multi-national company like Swiss Re! As the Cyber Security Specialist, you will support and resolve identity and access-related issues, bring your contributions to interesting projects to streamline our daily conduct of business, and more.
We are a modern company, and your time is valuable to us! That is why we are offering you the option to work from home as well as the office premises in a perfectly balanced way.
About the team
The Security Team is the focal point for all security activities across Swiss Re. We are responsible for cybersecurity engineering and operations, corporate security, governance, operational resilience, risk and compliance. We define and advance the company's security strategy. You will work directly in Cyber SecOps – a team of security experts focus on providing the best possible Identity & Access Management services to our employees and customers.
Got a knack for IT and cybersecurity? Are you not a seasoned expert but still eager to grow and learn? We are looking for a new colleague who will help to support our team in timely issue resolutions, bring in innovative ideas to improve our processes, and be a valuable addition to a cheerful, professional team of experts!
In your role, you will…
•	Support and resolve all identity and access-related issues
•	Conduct regular access rights reviews
•	Maintain a positive communication level towards customers
•	Be a part of interesting projects to streamline the established services and processes
•	Deal with tasks and tickets in a timely and high-quality-meeting manner
•	Bless our team with enthusiasm and passion
•	Foster a learning and development-centred culture and support team-based collaboration
Employee perks, benefits
What can you look forward to?
•	Fruit & drinks: complimentary coffee, tea and fresh fruit
•	Space for professional growth
•	Flexible working hours – own the way you work – and home office
•	Lunch allowance
•	Sick leave compensation
•	And more!
Information about the selection process
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
What we need from you
•	Basic experience working with Identity & Access Management and end-user support
•	Ability to explain IT stuff to non-technical crowds
•	Basic understanding - Active Directory / Azure AD (now Entra ID), SSO and MFA
•	IAM knowledge - Authentication, authorization
•	A people-loving personality and fondness of collaborating with colleagues, partners, and customers
•	Good written and verbal communication skills in English
•	Experience dealing with customers and clients
•	Tech-savviness
Nice-to-have
•	VBA or SQL knowledge
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
1700 and more employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Hana Krcova
Apply here
ID:
5185149
Dátum zverejnenia:
31.10.2025
2025-10-31
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month