Junior DevOps Engineer - Žilina
PANTHEON.team
Place of work
Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
1 500 EUR/month
depending on the level of seniority - details for all levels see below
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you ready to launch your DevOps expert career?
If you are prepared to join a world-class team and grow fast,
this is the right opportunity for you!
At PANTHEON.tech we are committed to shaping the next generation of IT professionals, currently we are looking for a Junior DevOps Engineer.
​
What’s in it for you?
​* Hands-on experience with cutting-edge tools and technologies
​* Mentorship from industry experts
​* Real-world projects to build your skills and career
​* A fun, fast-paced environment where every day is a learning opportunity
​
What do we expect from you?
We value eagerness to learn, a passion for IT, and a problem-solving mindset, as you'll work on everything from automation and configuration management to monitoring and troubleshooting.
​
What will be your tasks?
Your job will involve working on prototype projects - on something, that no one has ever done before. You will make sure that telcos, data centers, or ISPs stay up-to-date on latest technologies and in the end, contribute to a faster, more interconnected world. You might also end up contributing to open-source projects and upholding to principles of open coding and development.
How high can you climb?
In our company, career growth is available for everybody willing to constantly improve himself. Through regular employee assessments, there is a high possibility of promotion from Junior, through Semi-Senior, and Senior to an Expert. Since we are a family-based company, we will be glad to hear anybody´s ideas and we will happily support good projects. Our seniors are some of the best in the industry and they can teach you a lot.​
Employee perks, benefits
​What extras does PANTHEON throw in?
​Anyone can offer you a perfect team, team buildings, LAN-parties, friendly environment, table football and a place to grow (of course, we do offer those too).
But the real benefits? Additional days off, paid sick leave, subsidized public transport, Home Office, flexible working hours and technical education, among others. You can also borrow a car from our company fleet, or go to/from work on our electric scooters!​​
Information about the selection process
How much you can earn is directly related to how much you know. Your paycheck grows with your skills. You can start as a developer and make your way up or we can hire you directly as an expert. If you are a good team leader, we can even hire you directly for this position.
Here is our tentative salary ladder (gross):
Junior SW Engineer 1500-1900 €
SW Engineer (Medior) 1800 - 2600 €
Senior SW Engineer starting at 2400 €
Expert / Technical Leader starting at 3000 €
The salary range is given in EUR. The salary is divided into a fixed and variable part (the variable part is paid in full unless the Code of Conduct is broken or work tasks are not performed).
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Bash - Basic
Python - Basic
UNIX/Linux - Basic
DevOps - Basic
Personality requirements and skills
We utilize SCRUM and communicate with customers worldwide on a daily basis, English is a must.
Previous DevOps work experience
Basic knowledge of the technologies used (DevOps, Bash, Python, UNIX/Linux)
Knowledge or big interest in the Networking domain is an advantage
Apply now and begin your journey with us!
According to the relevant provisions of the Labor Code, you are required to inform the employer of all facts that may potentially hinder the performance of work or that could cause harm to the employer. You are also responsible for the truthfulness, accuracy, and completeness of such information. If the information you provide proves to be false, inaccurate, and/or incomplete, the employer reserves the right to discontinue the selection process without further notice and to terminate it, as well as the right to take any further action necessary in accordance with the law.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
V PANTHEON.team spájame silné stránky ôsmich, vzájomne sa dopĺňajúcich spoločností, aby sme poskytli komplexné riešenia.
Od tvorby inovatívnych sieťových technológii, precízneho účtovníctva, správy nehnuteľností, spoľahlivú technickú podporu po nadáciu, ktorá sa zaviazala k podpore vzdelávacích, športových a historických projektov - náš tím pracuje, ako jeden.
Objavte synergiu odborných znalostí, služieb a inovácií. Spoločne dosiahneme viac.
Pre viac informácií navštívte https://join.pantheon.team/.
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Lucia Pálinkásová
Tel.:
+421911620000
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5185227
Dátum zverejnenia:
1.11.2025
2025-11-01
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
DevOps Engineer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
,
Systems Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
PANTHEON.team
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month