Pantheon Academy for Trainees with Java - Žilina
PANTHEON.team
Place of work
Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
according to agreement
Wage (gross)
1 100 EUR/month
Your salary grows with your skills - for further details, see description below
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Ready to jumpstart your career? Are you searching for your first Software Developer position and are you able to work full-time? Then keep on reading!
At Pantheon Trainee Academy, we are committed to shaping the next generation of IT professionals - currently we offer an exciting career kickstart at PANTHEON.tech:
we are looking for Java Trainees!
​
What’s in it for you?​
* Hands-on experience with cutting-edge testing tools and technologies
* Mentorship from industry experts
* Real-world projects to build your skills and career
* A fun, fast-paced environment where every day is a learning opportunity
What do we expect from you?
During our trainee program, we focus on open-source, customer and internal projects, providing guidance to help you get started. We value eagerness to learn, a passion for IT, and a problem-solving mindset. While independence is important, you won’t be left alone - we offer support and a buddy to guide you. Attention to detail matters, as your work may be visible to the open-source community, so take pride in what you create!
What will be your tasks?
Writing code, of course, and learning a lot! We believe in small teams, but if you end up with a simple task, it might be completely up to you.
How high can you climb?
To be a Trainee is just the beginning. In our company, career growth is available for everybody willing to constantly improve himself. Through regular employee assessments, there is a high possibility of promotion from Trainee through Junior, Semi-Senior, and Senior to an Expert. Since we are a family-based company, we will be glad to hear anybody´s ideas and we will happily support good projects. Our seniors are some of the best in the industry and they can teach you a lot.
Employee perks, benefits
​What extras does PANTHEON.team throw in?
​​Anyone can offer you a perfect team, team buildings, LAN-parties, friendly environment, table football and a place to grow (of course, we do offer those too).
​​But the real benefits? Additional days off, paid sick leave, subsidized public transport, Home Office, flexible working hours and technical education, among others.​ You can also borrow a car from our company fleet, or go to/from work on our electric scooters!​
Information about the selection process
Pantheon Academy is an excellent way to start your career as a Developer or Tester. We provide space for growth and young talents are more than welcome in our organization. The Trainee Program lasts for 3 months and the salary starts at 1,100 euros. Your salary grows together with increasing experience, by 100 euros every month. By the end of our Academy, you will be ready to be promoted to Software Developer with a base salary 1,500 euros. Further increase is considered yearly based on your results.
PANTHEON.tech is a software R&D company specializing in network technologies and open-source solutions. With a core focus on network automation and orchestration, we also deliver advanced solutions in SDN, NFV, or secure remote access with our enterprise-grade VPN. For over 25 years, we’ve been a trusted partner to some of the world’s largest enterprises, continuously innovating to shape the future of global networking.
For more information visit https://join.pantheon.team.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Linux - Basic
Java - Basic
The position is suitable for a fresh graduate
Yes
Personality requirements and skills
Basic knowledge of  Java
We utilize SCRUM and communicate with customers worldwide on a daily basis,
English
is a must.
Previous work experience with Java is a big advantage
Knowledge or big interest in the Networking domain is an advantage
During the program on-site work is required
(office in Banská Bystrica or Žilina)
Please note that only
full-time applicants
can gain a place at Pantheon Academy, we’re not hiring students for this position. We are happy to welcome Fresh Graduates.
Our investment in your potential comes with a
commitment to remain part of our team for a minimum of two years.
We are hopeful that your talent and skills will add great value to our team.
Apply now and begin your journey with us!
According to the relevant provisions of the Labor Code, you are required to inform the employer of all facts that may potentially hinder the performance of work or that could cause harm to the employer. You are also responsible for the truthfulness, accuracy, and completeness of such information. If the information you provide proves to be false, inaccurate, and/or incomplete, the employer reserves the right to discontinue the selection process without further notice and to terminate it, as well as the right to take any further action necessary in accordance with the law.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
V PANTHEON.team spájame silné stránky ôsmich, vzájomne sa dopĺňajúcich spoločností, aby sme poskytli komplexné riešenia.
Od tvorby inovatívnych sieťových technológii, precízneho účtovníctva, správy nehnuteľností, spoľahlivú technickú podporu po nadáciu, ktorá sa zaviazala k podpore vzdelávacích, športových a historických projektov - náš tím pracuje, ako jeden.
Objavte synergiu odborných znalostí, služieb a inovácií. Spoločne dosiahneme viac.
Pre viac informácií navštívte https://join.pantheon.team/.
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Lucia Pálinkásová
Tel.:
+421911620000
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5185186
Dátum zverejnenia:
1.11.2025
2025-11-01
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Java Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
PANTHEON.team
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 100 EUR/month