Back to open positions
About PwC
Students and graduates
Experienced candidates
Mothers
Benefits
Place of work
Karadžičova 2, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
By agreement
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
(For candidates with many years of experience, the salary is negotiable based on experience and proven seniority.)
Power Platform Senior Developer/Architect (m/f)
Job description, responsibilities and duties
PwC is a global leader in consulting services and part of the Big 4. While we are renowned for our financial services such as audit and tax advisory, we also boast a dynamic Advanced Technology Solution (ATS) team in Bratislava.
Join our
new and growing Power Platform team at PwC Slovakia
and contribute to implementation of revolutionary applications, process automation, webpages, and AI solutions across global projects in Health Care, Banking, Insurance, Technologies etc.
As a Power Platform Senior Developer/ Power Platform Architect, you will lead the design delivery of scalable, secure and efficient solutions that optimize client operations, enhance customer experiences, and drive business results.
Key Responsibilities:
Design, architect, develop, and implement high-quality applications and workflows using Microsoft Power Platform tools
while ensuring alignment with enterprise architecture standards and business objectives.
Lead end-to-end solutioning, architectural reviews and approve designs created by development teams
to ensure compliance with architectural standards.
Collaborate with business leaders, stakeholders, and cross-functional teams
to translate business requirements into scalable and effective solutions.
Effectively communicate architectural vision and strategy
to stakeholders at all levels.
Establish governance models for Power Platform usage
to ensure robust, secure, and compliant solutions.
Develop and maintain architectural documentation and standards.
Design integrations with various enterprise systems and platforms, ensuring seamless data flow and information access.
Required Skill and Qualifications:
Bachelor’s / Master’s degree in computer science, Information Technology, or a related field. Equivalent experience may be considered.
Extensive experience with Microsoft Power Platform (including Copilot Studio, Power Apps, Power Automate).
Strong proficiency in programming languages such as JavaScript, C#, or other relevant languages.
Strong understanding of solution architecture methodologies and practices.
Proficiency in integration frameworks and technologies such as Azure, APIs, SharePoint, Dynamics 365, and SQL Server.
Proven experience in designing and implementation of Power Platform solutions at an enterprise level and leading architectural projects for cloud-based technologies.
A minimum of 5+ years of experience with Power Platform technology as a Power Platform Developer or Power Platform Architect.
Microsoft Power Platform Fundamentals (PL-900), Microsoft Power Platform Developer Associate (PL-400) or Microsoft Power Platform Consultant Associate (PL-200) is required. Microsoft Power Platform Solution Architect Expert (PL-600) is highly preferred but possible to acquire when you join us.
Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills.
Understanding of agile methodologies and modern development practices.
Commitment to continuous learning and professional growth.
Employee perks, benefits
Benefits you can enjoy while working at PwC
Financial Rewards:
Benefit from regular salary reviews and special life events/bonuses. Enjoy meal contributions and a cafeteria benefit system offering personalized choices.
Flexibility & Work-Life Balance:
Enjoy our hybrid working policy, flexible working hours, 2 extra days off during Christmas along with Sick-days. Every minute of your extra work is valued and compensated.
Career Development:
Engage in tailored internal and external training programs as well as structured career development plan.
Health & Well-being:
Access premium benefits such as Multisport card and medical center membership. Take advantage of our Well-being and Work-Life Coaching program.
Supportive Culture:
Participate in teambuilding activities and social events, and join our employee referral program. Experience a culture with regular feedback and a supportive environment.
Global Opportunities
: Seize the opportunity for international assignments and work on diverse projects with international clients. Explore the world while working with the possibility of working from abroad.
Extra perks:
Use various discounts at partner companies such as cars, health care, beauty, culture or others. Transfer up to 4 telephone numbers at discounted rates.
At PwC, we believe in nurturing your career, supporting your health and wellness, and recognizing your dedication. Join our team and experience a workplace that values you beyond your work hours.
Contact
Contact person: Eva Kvasnickova Verbich
E-mail:
send CV
Send CV
Back to open positions
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5186930
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.11.2025
2025-11-04
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
IT Architect
,
IT Consultant
,
Software Engineer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
PwC
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month