IT-Service Desk Employee
teamative a. s.
Place of work
Košice
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
Published is the minimum salary. Final salary will reflect your skills and experience/certifications
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
In this role, you will play a key role in ensuring that the IT systems at our Košice (and occasionally Bratislava/Pezinok) site run smoothly and support our users with all technical issues.
Your expertise in 1st and 2nd level support and your strong communication skills will make you an important part of our IT team.
Please, send your CVs in English/German language.
Tasks:
1st level support
You carry out 1st level support on site and ensure that technical problems are solved quickly and efficiently so that our users are always optimally supported.
First point of contact
In your role, you are the first point of contact in IT support for all users on site and for remote users. With your friendly and helpful manner, you provide support for a wide range of issues and ensure that everyone feels well looked after.
Fault management
You receive, analyze and resolve hardware and software faults. You also keep an eye on the standard applications for our IT systems at all times.
End device management
You are responsible for the provision of end devices, systems and components, always in accordance with the specifications and IT guidelines.
Installation and configuration
You will be responsible for installing, configuring, updating, securing and maintaining the end devices used, including clients and mobile devices, to ensure their functionality.
Implementation of IT guidelines
You consistently implement the IT guidelines in operational IT operations and thus contribute to the security and efficiency of our systems.
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
We provide complex IT solutions
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
IT Support
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
or
German - Upper intermediate (B2)
or
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
Qualifications:
Experience with Microsoft Office365
Education as IT-Administrator/Supporter
Experience in 1st/2nd Level Support
Experience with Windows 10/11
Experience with MDM via Intune and Apple Business Manager
Experience with printer and networks
Fluent English is a must, additional knowledge of German would be greatly appreciated
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
teamative helps customers to digitize their business. And it does so with a unique concept: It takes on the complete responsibility for innovative IT & SAP projects while at the same time defying the "War for Talent" with customized and scalable staffing services for holistic IT sourcing and can scale to any size in any technology through global and flexible team augmentation.
With a team of over 350 consultants, software developers and architects in 10 locations and additional 350 specialized partners, we help our customers make the most of their digital potential. As an innovation partner covering all situations, teamative combine the skills of a service provider with the flexibility of a staffing specialist. And create unique, scalable IT and SAP services, solutions and smart sourcing models of all kinds.
We provide services in:
- S/4 and SAP
- Digital Innovation
- Infrastructure
- Security & Cloud, and ServiceNow.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mikuláš Sviatko
Tel.:
+421948297811
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5186088
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.11.2025
2025-11-03
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
teamative a. s.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month