CMMS Analyst (Computerized Maintenance Management System)
Place of work
Nivy Tower, Mlynské nivy, Ružinov, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Start date
1.12.2025
Contract type
full-time
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards
2 500 EUR/month
Position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the Role:
The CMMS Analyst/Admin is responsible for supporting and optimizing the Computerized Maintenance Management System (CMMS) to ensure accurate asset data, efficient maintenance operations, and robust reporting for facilities management across all countries/sites for the account.
Key Responsibilities:
⦁	Support the migration to new CMMS platforms, including data preparation, validation, and organization.
⦁	Develop and maintain reports and documentation to support migration and ongoing operations.
⦁	Analyzing equipment performance, generating maintenance reports, and providing insights to improve efficiency and decision-making.
⦁	Provide support for legacy CMMS platforms during transitions.
⦁	Assist with post-go-live activities, including user support and issue resolution.
⦁	Manage and optimize asset data within the CMMS, ensuring data integrity and accuracy.
⦁	Optimizing maintenance workflows, setting up and modifying preventive maintenance (PM) schedules, tasks, and routes. Oversee the implementation and regular review of these workflows.
⦁	Create process documentation and workflow diagrams for users and stakeholders.
⦁	Collaborate with internal teams and stakeholders to ensure timely and accurate delivery of system changes and updates.
⦁	Collaborate with maintenance teams, engineers, supervisors, and IT to coordinate maintenance schedules, enhance workflow automation, timely & accurate delivery of system changes and updates and ensure the CMMS aligns with organizational strategies.
⦁	Oversee performance metrics in accordance with account Key Performance Indicators (KPIs).
⦁	Provide training and support to users on CMMS functionality and best practices.
⦁	Coordinate with IT and operations teams for system integrations and troubleshooting.
Please send your CV in english version.
We value all candidates, however we will contact only those who meet criteria.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
Tableau - Skillful
Microsoft Excel - Skillful
Personality requirements and skills
Skills & Qualifications:
⦁	Requires strong analytical skills, technical proficiency, and experience with CMMS software.
⦁	Knowledge of maintenance operations, preventive maintenance procedures, and data analysis tools and business intelligence software (e.g., Tableau).
⦁	Experience working with CMMS platforms (beyond basic work order management).
⦁	Understanding of asset management and preventive maintenance relationships.
⦁	Strong data entry, validation, and reporting skills (Excel, Google Workspace).
⦁	Bachelor's degree is preferred, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
⦁	Excellent organizational & communication skills.
⦁	Ability to interpret raw data and transform it into actionable reports.
Benefits
Well-being
Lunch e-vouchers / Financial meal contribution
Bonus lunch vouchers / Bonus financial allowance
Refreshment for employees
Fresh fruit
Wellness Day
Multisport Program
Employee Assistant Program
Spectrum Life Program
Friendly working environment
Home Office & Flexible Working Time
Company events - Team buildings, Sport Days, Christmas party
Days off - Childbirth, 1st Day at School
Volunteering Days off
Extra Vacation
Bonus perks
Educational Contribution
Cafeteria Benefit System
Contribution to III.pillar from the employer side
Life Occasion Bonus (Marriage, Childbirth)
Age Anniversary Bonus
Long Service Awards
Referral Bonus
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Monika Rajkovičová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5186336
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.11.2025
2025-11-04
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Database Analyst
Spoločnosť:
CBRE Global Workplace Solutions s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month