O nás
Novinky
Kontakt
Značka prémiového recruitmentu
S&you
patrí do portfólia pôvodom francúzskej skupiny
SYNERGIE
, 5. najväčšieho poskytovateľa HR služieb v Európe. V regióne Česko-Slovensko pôsobíme už viac ako
25 rokov
. Špecializujeme sa na vyhľadávanie a výber zamestnancov na pozície špecialistov, stredného a vyššieho manažmentu.
Pracovné ponuky:
Financie
Bankovníctvo
IT
Telco
Obchod
Marketing
Priemysel
Logistika
Administratíva
HR
Lead Software Engineer III - React
Place of work
Prague, Czech Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
130 000 Kč/month
(final salary depends on the candidate's experience)
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Our client is looking for a Lead Software Engineer - React Developer to join their global Product Development team. In this hands-on engineering role, you’ll build and own a custom suite of FinTech solutions for Fortune 500 companies and their suppliers. You’ll create elegant, responsive, and accessible user interfaces using modern frontend technologies, working closely with product managers, designers, and backend engineers.You will lead key UI initiatives, mentor developers, and help shape architectural decisions to enhance product quality and developer experience. Strong React expertise, clean coding skills, and a leadership mindset are essential for thriving in this fast-paced, high-growth environment.
Key Responsibilities:
Build and maintain modern, responsive user interfaces using React and related technologies
Collaborate with UX/UI designers to turn mockups and wireframes into pixel‑perfect, interactive interfaces
Create reusable component libraries and maintain design system consistency
Ensure cross‑browser compatibility, accessibility standards compliance, and optimal performance across devices
Apply best practices and patterns across code bases, troubleshoot code from others, and improve existing implementations
Support both modern and legacy application architectures by fixing defects and adding new features
Other Responsibilities:
Participate in the full software development lifecycle – research, planning, development, deployment, and support
Contribute to architectural decisions for frontend applications and product improvements through research, design sessions, and documentation
Identify areas of code risk and lead efforts to address them
Stay current with React ecosystem updates and modern frontend development trends
Participate in product deployments and ongoing support rotation
Mentor and guide team members, review code, and assist with the hiring process for engineers
Assist product management with research, planning, and execution of development initiatives
Employee perks, benefits
Competitive pay and performance bonuses
Generous benefits and paid time‑off programs
Professional growth, learning, and development opportunities
Innovative, global, team‑centric environment
Community service‑oriented culture with volunteer opportunities
Collaborative, casual, and flexible workplace with access to top technology, stocked breakrooms, and coffee bars
Regular team events and employee celebrations
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Our client is an American Fintech that mediates transactions between companies and their supply chains. TEAM is the most important and integral part of their business. They do not just offer jobs but careers with a healthy dose of adventure mixed in. They are a team of highly intelligent, fun-loving, motivated, and, above all, ethical people. Their values are a critical component of their long-term success.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
5+ years building complex React applications with hooks, Context API, and state management
Strong knowledge of ES6+, asynchronous programming, and TypeScript
Deep understanding of HTML5, CSS3, responsive design, Flexbox, Grid, and CSS‑in‑JS
Experience with Redux, Zustand, or similar state management libraries
Skilled in Jest, React Testing Library, and E2E testing (Playwright, Cypress)
Experience with Webpack, Vite, and CI/CD pipelines for frontend deployments
Strong API integration skills (REST, GraphQL) with authentication/error handling
Advanced SQL and relational database expertise
Proficient with Git and release/branching strategies
Experience building component libraries (Storybook, Styled Components, Emotion)
Familiarity with Sass/SCSS, Tailwind CSS, CSS Modules, Tailwind UI, Flowbite
Experience with Figma, Sketch, or Adobe XD for design collaboration
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
SYNERGIE Slovakia as recruitment and consulting agency has been present on the Slovak market since 1999. We are a part of SYNERGIE Group - the 5th largest HR solutions provider in Europe.
We do offer international experience, consultants with wide-ranging knowledge and experience in their specific fields and deep knowledge of the job market.
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services. (25908/2004 - OSS 129/2005. Plati pre SR.)
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
20-24 employees
Information about the selection process
Odpovedáme všetkým kandidátom do 3 pracovných dní, a to aj v prípade zamietavého stanoviska
Nenašli ste ponuku, ktorá by Vás zaujala? Navštívte našu stránku
www.synergie.sk
, kde nájdete aj pozície, ktoré nie sú zverejnené na pracovných portáloch.
Poznáte niekoho, kto je vhodným kandidátom na jednu z našich pozícií? Zapojte sa do nášho referenčného programu a získajte 200 EUR!
Odporučte známeho
Contact
Contact person: Dominika Habánková
Tel.:
+421905320903
E-mail:
Zoznam odvetví
Financie
Bankovníctvo
IT
Telco
Obchod
Marketing
Priemysel
Logistika
Administratíva
HR
Aktuálna
ponuka
Kontakt
Synergie Slovakia s.r.o.
Dunajská 4, 811 08 Bratislava
Tel: (+421) 2 54 41 55 22
Fax: (+421) 2 54 41 54 89
E-mail:
sandyou@sandyou.sk
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5186572
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.11.2025
2025-11-04
lokalita:
Prague
Pozícia:
IT Architect
Spoločnosť:
S&you by SYNERGIE
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
130 000 Kč/month