Back to open positions
About PwC
Students and graduates
Experienced candidates
Mothers
Benefits
Place of work
Karadžičova 2, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
By agreement
Wage (gross)
From 1 600 EUR/month
(For candidates with many years of experience, the salary is negotiable based on experience and proven seniority.)
Power Platform Developer (m/f)
Job description, responsibilities and duties
PwC is a global leader in consulting services and part of the Big 4. While we are renowned for our financial services, such as audit and tax advisory, we also boast a dynamic Advanced Technology Solution (ATS) team in Bratislava.
Join our new and growing Power Platform team at PwC Slovakia and contribute to developing revolutionary applications, process automation, webpages, and AI solutions across global projects in Health Care, Banking, Insurance, Technologies, etc
. As a Power Platform Developer,
you will leverage cutting-edge technology to create solutions that optimize client operations
, enhance customer experience, and drive business results, all while collaborating with a dynamic and visionary team.
Key Responsibilities:
Build and implement applications and workflows using Microsoft Power Platform tools.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams
including IT, business analysts, and project managers to deliver effective solutions.
Develop custom solutions using Power Apps, Power Automate, and Power BI based on business requirements
.
Monitor, troubleshoot, and optimize Power Platform solutions
to ensure reliability and performance.
Stay up to date with the latest Power Platform features
and functionalities to recommend improvements.
Implement best practices in terms of development, security, and data governance.
Conduct testing and quality assurance to ensure solutions meet requirements and are bug-free. (- based on the project)
Required Skill and Qualifications:
Bachelor’s / Master’s degree in computer science, Information Technology, or a related field. Equivalent experience may be considered.
Knowledge of programming languages such as
JavaScript, C# or similar.
Expertise in data analysis
, model-driven apps, canvas apps and understanding of agile methodologies and tools.
Expertise in Microsoft Power Platform (Copilot Studio, Power Apps, Power Automate, Power BI).
Excellent problem-solving abilities, analytical thinking, strong communication skills and ability to work collaboratively with diverse teams.
Ability to adapt to new technologies and a fast-paced environment.
Microsoft Power Platform Fundamentals (PL-900) is a plus, but we are offering you a chance to get certified as part of our team.
A minimum of 1 year of experience with Power Platform technology.
Employee perks, benefits
Benefits you can enjoy while working at PwC
Financial Rewards:
Benefit from regular salary reviews and special life events/bonuses. Enjoy meal contributions and a cafeteria benefit system offering personalized choices.
Flexibility & Work-Life Balance:
Enjoy our hybrid working policy, flexible working hours, 2 extra days off during Christmas along with Sick-days. Every minute of your extra work is valued and compensated.
Career Development:
Engage in tailored internal and external training programs as well as structured career development plan.
Health & Well-being:
Access premium benefits such as Multisport card and medical center membership. Take advantage of our Well-being and Work-Life Coaching program.
Supportive Culture:
Participate in teambuilding activities and social events, and join our employee referral program. Experience a culture with regular feedback and a supportive environment.
Global Opportunities
: Seize the opportunity for international assignments and work on diverse projects with international clients. Explore the world while working with the possibility of working from abroad.
Extra perks:
Use various discounts at partner companies such as cars, health care, beauty, culture or others. Transfer up to 4 telephone numbers at discounted rates.
At PwC, we believe in nurturing your career, supporting your health and wellness, and recognizing your dedication. Join our team and experience a workplace that values you beyond your work hours.
Contact
Contact person: Eva Kvasnickova Verbich
E-mail:
send CV
Send CV
Back to open positions
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5186934
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.11.2025
2025-11-04
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
IT Consultant
,
Software Engineer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
PwC
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 600 EUR/month