Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Java Developer
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 000 - 2 700 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Our mission:
As a dynamic, flat and international organization, we shape the future of Deutsche Telekom IT in integrated teams consisting of all relevant competencies – it goes without saying that Telekom customers are also part of these teams.
Project Overview
The project involves developing and maintaining microservice applications using the Java, Spring framework and Camel. Microservices are event driven or driven by Camunda BPMN workflow from top point of view. As backend developer, you will be responsible for creating high-quality business-oriented applications, which focus on collecting attributes of mobile network equipment required for certification and commissioning of physical network environment. You will closely cooperate with solution designer and business owners of solution. This role demands a comprehensive understanding of Java, Spring framework,  REST practices and requires a proactive approach to problem-solving, a keen eye for detail, and a commitment to staying updated with the latest industry trends and best practices.
What will you do?
Design, develop, and maintain complex microservices using one of above mentioned frameworks.
Ensure code quality and maintainability by conducting code reviews and writing unit tests.
Participate in daily stand-ups, sprint planning, and retrospective meetings.
Identify and resolve performance bottlenecks to ensure the application runs efficiently.
Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability.
Provide technical guidance and mentorship
Lead code reviews and ensure adherence to best practices and coding standards.
Create and maintain technical documentation for reference and reporting purposes
Update technical documentation
Share regular progress reports and updates
Tech Stacks
We are searching for candidates with Java, Spring Boot skills.
Additional preferred knowledge/experience (as an advantage): Frontend (Angular, React), any testing tool/framework, Kubernetes, Docker, Microservices, Git, cloud technologies (AWS, Azure, Google), DB, Grafana
You will succeed if you:
Have experience in Java, Spring boot.
Have understanding of RESTful APIs and integration.
Have experience with databases (SQL, NoSQL)
Have experience with version control systems.
Have problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
Have strong communication and teamwork abilities
Nice to have at least a basic understanding of Camel and Camunda.
Have Bachelor's degree or Master's degree in Information technologies
Have minimum 5 years of experience in the development of complex solutions
Have some experience within the field of application programming in object-oriented programming languages, experience with agile software development methodology (e.g., Scrum)
Are advanced at Programming, HW/SW Overview, General IT Overview
Have good soft skills like Communication, Analytical thinking, Team Cooperation
Speak
English at least on B2 level and German language is advantage
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
2 000 - 2 700 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Kiššová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5187262
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.11.2025
2025-11-05
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Java Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month