Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior Application Developer (Front – End React) + Sign On Bonus 2000€
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 100 - 3 700 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Project Overview
The project involves developing and maintaining web applications using the React, Angular (and other frontend) frameworks. As an Frontend Developer, you will be responsible for creating high-quality, user-centric interfaces and ensuring optimal performance. You will work closely with backend developers. This role demands a comprehensive understanding of advanced framework practices and requires a proactive approach to problem-solving, a keen eye for detail, and a commitment to staying updated with the latest industry trends and best practices.
What will you do?
Design, develop, and maintain complex web applications using frontend frameworks.
Ensure code quality and maintainability by conducting code reviews and writing unit tests.
Implement responsive designs and ensure cross-browser compatibility.
Work closely with backend developers to integrate APIs and ensure smooth data flow.
Participate in daily stand-ups, sprint planning, and retrospective meetings.
Identify and resolve performance bottlenecks to ensure the application runs efficiently.
Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability.
Provide technical guidance and mentorship
Lead code reviews and ensure adherence to best practices and coding standards.
Create and maintain technical documentation for reference and reporting purposes
Deliver fully functional and tested Angular web application components
Update technical documentation and user guides
Share regular progress reports and updates
You will succeed if you:
No fixation on just one Framework, flexibility and at best expert in multiple (React, Angular, ...)
have experience with version control systems.
have excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
have strong communication and teamwork abilities
have proficiency in TypeScript, JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3.
have strong understanding of RESTful APIs and integration.
Have proactive behavior (be communicative, open minded and curious for new things)
Have the ability to guide other developers and partners (in regards to guidelines defined by the team)
Profound overall architectural knowledge would be a huge Plus!
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
3 100 - 3 700 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Kiššová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5187271
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.11.2025
2025-11-05
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Javascript Programmer
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 100 EUR/month