Adastra is looking for Senior Data Analyst with Data Modeling Experience
ADASTRA, s.r.o.
Place of work
Mýtna 48, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, agreement-based (Temporary jobs), trade licence
Start date
asap
Wage (gross)
2 700 EUR/month
Salary expectation depends on the seniority level and we are open to speak about it.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
You will be working on enterprise-level  banking business intelligence, data warehouse or transformation projects using cutting-edge technologies.
Your responsibilities will include business analysis, data analysis, data modeling, data mining, and solution design.
Your daily responsibilities will include:
Analysis of existing business processes (As-Is reviews)
Elaborate suggestions for Business process improvements (To-Be)
Collects and analyses process data
You  will work closely with cross-functional teams to identify opportunities for improvement, support business processes, and implement data-driven solutions.
The role involves both data analysis and business process improvement, requiring a strong understanding of data tools, methodologies, and business operations.
The job will offer you opportunities to participate in international projects in Central and South-Eastern Europe (job locations Slovakia, Austria, Hungary, Romania and similar).
We are looking for people who share with us the passion that working with data and people is fun and a “mission”, not a “job”.
Employee perks, benefits
​• You will have an immense opportunity and our support to grow professionally, working on leading data analytics projects and technologies in the region
​• You will work in an environment which will stand behind you, support you in your growth, and which will value your work through competitive salary and a bonus structure
​Professional growth
​• Access to the latest technology and know-how
​• Personalized professional development plans
​• Young, dynamic and professional team
​• Potential to work on international projects
​• Unmatched opportunities for professional growth
​• Adastra Academy - wide range of leading-edge trainings & certifications, workshops, language courses
​Sport & Health
​• Adastra Skiing – four days in Austria
​• Adastra Health Days – various workshops about health, nature & the environment
​• Adastra RUN – support of running activities
​• Adastra Teambuilding activities
​• Multisport card, which grants access to hundreds of different gyms, studios and swimming pools
​Family-oriented benefits
​• ADASTRA family weekend – a weekend spent in the Slovak mountains hiking and a full-weekend program for children (creative workshops, carnival, etc.)
​• Birthday present
​• Wedding bonus
​• New baby bonus – one day off and a financial bonus​
Information about the selection process
We look forward to working with you, and you becoming an Adastran!
We appreciate a lot your  interest, do not hesitate to send us your Curriculum Vitae in English language. We will contact only candidates who match the profile we are looking for. Thank you for your understanding
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Data Mining, Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
and
Slovak - Proficiency (C2)
Other knowledge
SQL - Advanced
Data modeling - Advanced
Power Designer - Advanced
Personality requirements and skills
For your work you will need:
​Hands-on experience in data analysis, data profiling and SQL – real practical knowledge and experience ideally from the Banking and Financial Services industry
Data analytical skills or  experience is must for seniors
Banking domain is an asset
Working experience with metadata tools (Power Designer, Enterprise Architect, ...)
Hands on data modelling experience
Analytical thinking, well organized, consulting spirit, willingness to learn
​Analytical thinking, well organized, consulting spirit, willingness to learn
Advance experience with Process Management
Knowledge of information systems
Very good English language skills / German language is an asset
Enjoying working with data
Flexibility to travel if needed
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
At Adastra, we transform the Data & Analytics space by providing cutting-edge Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Cloud, Digital and Governance services. Our consultants specialize in transforming enterprise applications and collaborate across functions, competencies, and sectors to help our clients harness and leverage their data assets, accelerate innovation, improve operational excellence, and create unforgettable customer experiences.
Adastra has been recognized as one of Canada’s Best Managed Companies for 16 consecutive years, reinforcing our position as a best-in-class organization known for strategic excellence, innovation, and culture. People are at the core of Adastra's capabilities, and the Adastra Group has 2,500 consultants actualizing projects across 13 global branches. In 2020, the group's annual revenue crossed $230 millions. For more information, please check www.adastracorp.com
Number of employees
100-149 employees
Contact
Contact person: Dáša Noskovičová
Tel.:
+421911160750
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5187092
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.11.2025
2025-11-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
ADASTRA, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month