We harness the power of tech to increase sustainability.
How do you want to use technology?
Senior SAP Developer (Abap or UI5)
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
POSITION
DESCRIPTION
We are looking for a skilled and motivated Senior SAP Developer to join our team, with expertise in either backend development (SAP ABAP) or frontend development (SAP UI5). This is a great opportunity to work on innovative SAP solutions that drive business efficiency and user experience.
WHAT WILL
YOU DO
Participate in code reviews, testing, and deployment processes.
Document technical specifications and maintain development standards.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams in an agile environment.
Backend (ABAP):
Design, develop, and maintain custom SAP applications using ABAP.
Optimize and troubleshoot existing ABAP code and workflows.
Collaborate with functional consultants to understand business requirements and translate them into technical solutions.
Integrate SAP modules and ensure data consistency across systems.
Frontend (UI5):
Develop responsive and user-friendly SAP Fiori applications using SAPUI5.
Work closely with UX designers to implement intuitive user interfaces.
Ensure seamless integration between frontend applications and backend services.
Maintain and enhance existing UI5 applications based on user feedback and evolving business needs.
WHAT WE
EXPECT
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in IT or a related field
Proven experience (at least 5 years) in SAP development (ABAP or UI5).
Experience with SAP S/4HANA.
English language proficiency at upper intermediate (B2) or advanced (C1) level.
Familiarity with SAP Fiori, OData services, and SAP Gateway is a plus
GET IN CONTACT:
Any questions? Then please send an email to your recruiter nikoleta.kollarova@accenture.com
We look forward to receiving your application!
WHAT WE
OFFER
Salary
2 800 - 4 000 EUR/month
Accenture offers a competitive compensation package. As required by the Slovak law we hereby state, that the legal monthly minimum gross base pay ranges from 2800€ up to 4000€ depending on your professional and personal qualifications in the required areas.
Flexibility:
• Flexible working arrangements (time & place of work)
Recognition:
• Guaranteed paid overtime or overtime vacation
• German language bonus up to 400€ monthly/gross depending on language proficiency and level of seniority
• Flexible Benefit System - budget to be spent on services of your choice
• Competitive bonus structure
• Refer-a-Friend – get a bonus in the employee referral program
• Loyalty rewards
Future:
• Wide range of trainings and expert lectures
• Regular performance review and career growth possibilities
• Ongoing career guidance and mentoring (Global Mentoring Program, Lean In)
• Employee share purchase plan
Family & Health:
• 3 extra days off
• Sick leave salary compensation (up to 100%)
• Home-office equipment
• Family oriented benefits (Wedding, Parental and Baby days-off and bonuses)
• Employee assistance services (professional psychological, financial and legal help)
• Multisport card
• Contribution to special vision correction appliances
• Life and disability group insurance
• Sport vouchers for children’s sport activities and children camps
Interested?
Apply for this job
Similar career opportunities at Accenture
SAP BW Consultant (Mid-Level)
© 2020 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5187377
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.11.2025
2025-11-05
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
ABAP Programmer
,
Backend developer
,
Frontend developer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Accenture, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month