SK
|
EN
Mondelez SR Production
(továreň Figaro)
Mondelēz
International
Piemyselný park
Kostolné Kračany
About us
Job Offers
Benefits
Contacts
MEU Procurement Process-and System Expert
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 250 EUR/month
We pride ourselves on having a high performing and collaborative culture where we support your career and development. In return for your commitment, drive and enthusiasm, we offer salary starting from 2 250 € plus annual bonus payment based on your performance. The final offer will depend on the skills and previous experience of the candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are You Ready to Make It Happen at Mondelēz International?
Join our Mission to Lead the Future of Snacking. Make It Matter.
How you will contribute:
•	E2E Business Owner of Direct Material Third Party Ordering Process (TPO) for MEU Countries (all MU’s and DC’s in MEU Region) + 1st level support
•	You collaborate with STP Helpdesk, CMaaS, VMaaS, AP Finance, Replenishment and CS&L community to ensure, that Direct Material Third Party Ordering Process (TPO) is running smart & smooth in ongoing business organization.
•	You escalate issues when needed, and support business continuity.
•	You look for sustainable resolutions and look at always improving our standards & practices
•	Involvement in S/4 MEU Project as Key User
More about this role
You will help ensure, that our “Source To Pay” (STP) Business processes in Europe are set up and running smoothly in a complex and highly interfaced environment. Whilst ensuring compliance to our Business Models and legislative / tax requirements in all MEU Countries.
You are the single point of contact for internal & external stakeholder questions and issues related to STP processes and Systems, mainly SAP ERP. You ensure User queries or issues are captured, validated, and triaged for further processing by appropriate business partners. You support with information / instructions to respective teams for resolution. You support problem identification / root cause analysis and coach users on how to resolve where appropriate. Monitor all issues from start to resolution and ensure any recurring issues are further investigated. Escalate, if needed, unresolved problems to a higher level of support.
We are looking for someone able to learn, with a positive and willing approach, responsiveness and action oriented mindset. We need a tenacious individual who does not stop at the first answer and is confident & capable of engaging with a wide range of internal & external stakeholders.
Travel
10%
Employee perks, benefits
We also offer top attractive benefits, such as:
Performance annual bonus payment, yearly salary review based on performance
Cafeteria (sports, relax venue, culture, travelling opportunities, language courses), free drinks and fruit in the workplace, meal vouchers fully covered by employer, free company products, company gym
Flexible working hours, extra holidays, financial contribution to wedding, childbirth and retirement, service awards, life insurance, contribution to education, supplementary pension fund, company parties and team events
Selected positions: Company car, cell phone
Cooperative and strong team environment
International environment and further career progression
Constant virtual and F2F learning opportunities
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
What you will bring
A desire to drive your future and accelerate your career. You will bring experience and knowledge in:
•	Excellent business process expertise, ideally in STP Area
•	E2E process understanding and SAP expertise (MM)
•	Business Model (EOC/GSCP) knowledge and impact on process & systems
•	Analytical & problem solving approach combined with drive for results
•	Demonstrated ability to deal with ambiguity, change in a dynamic business environment
•	Cross-functional collaboration skills
•	Proficiency in written & verbal English communication is essential
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
At Mondelēz International, our purpose is to empower people to snack right through offering the right snack, for the right moment, made the right way. That means delivering a broader range of delicious, high-quality snacks that nourish life's moments, made with sustainable ingredients and packaging that consumers can feel good about.
We have a rich portfolio of strong brands – both global and local. Including many household names such as Oreo, belVita and LU biscuits; Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka and Toblerone chocolate; Sour Patch Kids candy and Trident gum. We are proud to hold the number 1 position globally in biscuits, chocolate and candy as well as the No. 2 position in gum.
Our 80,000 Makers and Bakers are located in our operations in more than 80 countries and are working to sell our products in over 150 countries around the world. They are energized for growth and critical to us living our purpose and values. We are a diverse community that can make things happen, and happen fast.
Join us and Make It An Opportunity!
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Company address
1
Contact
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5187223
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.11.2025
2025-11-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Procurement specialist
,
Systems Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Mondelēz International
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 250 EUR/month