Product Manager
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Place of work
: Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Wage (gross)
:
3 800 EUR/month
Contract type
: full-time
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Drive the definition, development, and management of our product portfolio for process monitoring devices (maXYmos TL/BL) and their accessories, including software tools. You will play a key role in achieving quantitative, qualitative, and strategic goals within the Business Unit Assembly Process Control.
Main Responsibilities:
Implement product management for maXYmos TL/BL and related accessories, including software tools.
Strategically develop and expand the product portfolio to meet market needs and company objectives.
Monitor market trends and competitors to identify new applications and business opportunities.
Initiate and oversee the development of new products, maintain existing ones, and archive discontinued products according to the product life-cycle.
Collaborate cross-functionally with production, service, sales, and R&D teams to ensure seamless product management.
Prepare and maintain product documentation, including datasheets, manuals, brochures, and press releases.
Conduct profitability and statistical analyses (e.g., investment calculations, unit tracking).
Define pricing strategies and product specifications, creating requirement documents as needed.
Analyze customer requirements and develop tailored solutions.
Build and share application know-how across the Business Unit and Sales Centers.
Support and deliver internal and external training sessions.
Work closely with marketing to develop and execute marketing strategies, campaigns, and trade fair appearances.
Provide temporary guidance to trainees and interns.
Employee perks, benefits
The way we work
Hybrid working model – home office up to 60% a week (based on the agreement with your team lead). We trust that you know how to organize your time to stay productive
Regular performance review and career growth possibilities
A dynamic and challenging role in a global company
Collaborative and supportive team culture
Close collaboration with business drivers and key users
Support for ongoing professional development to expand your technical and professional knowledge
Health & Well-being
Electric stand-up desk and ergonomic chair
100% salary reimbursement for 10 days of sick leave
25 days of vacation for everybody
Recognition
Compensation of overtimes
Compensation of travelling time in case of business trip (extra allowance)
Flexible Benefit System - starting from 1000€ per year in the Benefit Plus portal - platform with thousands of suppliers of your choice, including Kistler specific offerings
Attractive referral bonus
Extra contribution in significant life events – weddings and childbirths, rehousing
Relocation bonus for employees who are moving because of Kistler (over 100 km)
Career & Development
Budget for education, certificates, trainings - 500 EUR/year
Online English & German language courses
Library, Online Educational Portals: Pluralsight, Safari books, LeanPub, Egghead
Technology “sharing” groups, Coding Days
Social life
Team-buildings, Company breakfast, Christmas Party, Grill Party, etc.
Football table and board games in the office
Extra benefits
Special offers and discounts (Metro cards, SND, Curaprox etc.)
Lunch tickets in amount of 6,80 EUR
Great coffee, tea, fresh fruit
Information about the selection process
Information about the selection process: Do you like it so far? Let us know, send us your CV. After receiving and reviewing your CV we will contact you for short telephone pre-screen. Following this, if successful, we will set up meeting with your future team leader for more detailed discussion about your experience and motivation and to answer your questions about company and work itself. The final stage of the hiring process is meeting with Head of Kistler Bratislava to get to know you better and align on the personal and position expectations. Our HR colleagues will be informing and guiding you through every step of this process. Good luck. We are looking forward to meeting you.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
6.12.2025
(there are still 19 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
German - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
We are looking for someone with:
Entrepreneurial mindset with a focus on results.
Winning mentality and a drive for excellence.
Curiosity and innovative thinking.
Strong customer focus and global perspective.
Ability to simplify complexity and stay focused on priorities.
Must have:
Minimum of 3 years experience in product management.
Degree in Automation, Mechatronics, Electrical Engineering, or a similar technical field.
Affinity or experience with software engineering.
Strong quality awareness and analytical skills.
Excellent German and English language skills.
Willingness to travel approximately 40%.
Experience in measuring technology or machine building is advantage.
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Einsteinova 33
851 01 Bratislava, Slovakia
+421 948 377 105
, Natália Shalanová, HR Generalist
Kistler Holding AG
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5187924
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.11.2025
2025-11-06
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
Spoločnosť:
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 800 EUR/month