Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Non technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Service Delivery Manager with German Language
Place of work
Moldavská cesta 8B, Košice-Juh, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 600 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Are you ready to take your career to the next level and join our dynamic team? We are thrilled to announce an exciting opportunity to become a vital part of our team as a Service Delivery Manager. If you are fluent in German and possess a passion for excellence in service delivery, this role is tailored for you.
As a Service Delivery Manager, you will be the cornerstone of ensuring our contracts are executed flawlessly, exceeding the expectations of both our external and internal customers. Your role will involve coordinating contract execution to guarantee the highest level of satisfaction while optimizing costs. Fluent German language skills are essential as you'll be interfacing with both internal and external stakeholders.
What will you do?
Manage optimal contract fulfillment for both the client and the company for the duration of the contract
Approve Delivery model (feasibility, time, quality, budget) in order to meet contract agreements
Procure services for the client at optimal price and quality
Coordinate the service delivery activities between the organizational units and supervise their work in the interest of contract fulfillment
Observe and adjust the budgets and cost reduction
Procure services in compliance with the deadlines and the expected service levels
Guarantee cost-effective implementation of the expansion of internal IT infrastructure and resources
Handle customer complaints and escalations within  the framework of the complaint management process
Process claim management towards customer
Manage continuous improvement of delivered services
Manage and evaluate changes in dynamic documents in compliance with document management
Develop and drive innovation within the customer base.
Ownership of annual TRI*M (customer satisfaction) program; ensuring that targets are set and cascaded to the accounts, service improvement plans are in place and closely managed and that all international reporting requirements and quality gates are met.
You will succeed if you:
Are fluent in German and English (B2 level - upper intermediate is a must, C1 is desirable for both languages).
Demonstrate 3 to 5 years of experience in Security Management.
Possess strong communication skills.
Exhibit adaptability across diverse cultures and organizational boundaries.
Display leadership capabilities within project structures, setting and influencing common goals.
Understand business structures, drivers, and international group dynamics, including political and financial challenges.
Hold a bachelor’s degree in information technologies.
Have 3 years of experience in ICT Delivery Service Management.
Be certified in ITIL V3 Foundation and SeM Advanced.
Have expertise in General IT and DTAG portfolio.
Excel in MS Office.
Showcase Soft Skills such as customer orientation, leadership, effective communication, negotiation, time management, problem-solving, and presentation proficiency.
Demonstrate competency in finance and billing.
Exhibit self-motivation with exceptional interpersonal skills.
Achieve results autonomously.
Resolve issues adeptly and interact effectively with customers.
Possess knowledge of project management principles and specialized expertise.
Display analytical prowess and diplomacy.
Leverage advantageous experience in post-sales support, alongside competency in cost control and budget planning.
Consider specializing in Finance & Billing, Service Ensurance, Customer and Contract Management, Claim Management, Demand Management, Bid Management, Audit Management, or Risk Management.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 600 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Lucia Vajdová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5187383
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.11.2025
2025-11-05
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
,
IT Project Manager
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Scrum Master
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 600 EUR/month