Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Software Developer
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 000 - 2 650 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Software Developer works within SCRUM team, to develop, design and implement of new or modified software products or ongoing business projects. Target of development is automation of business processes and cross platform automation. Holder of the position handles all phases of software development lifecycle, especially for small or midsize solutions. Follow agreed methodology steps and rituals and take responsibility for produced code to independently deliver functional solution with team. Share knowledge with less experience colleagues. Document and share best practices. Constantly work on self-development and follow industry trends.
Helps Telekom manage state sponsored projects in extending highspeed internet in Germany.
The platform is essential in entering project details and following with evaluation, managing entire lifecycle.
What will you do?
Development of the platform which is essential for extending highspeed internet in Germany
Development according to Agile methodology – SCRUM
Creation of technical documentation
Creative approach within complex solution and technology used
Active participation on research & development projects
Work closely with other developers, UX designers, business and systems analysts on implementation and testing of the developed solution
You will succeed if you:
have experience in Application Development (Object-Oriented)
have good knowledge of Java SE (Java 8 and newer), including OOP principles and design patterns
have good experience with Spring or Spring boot or JEE
have good experience with PostgreSQL
have good experience with Kotlin or a solid foundation in Java with a willingness to learn Kotlin
have good experience with Vue.js, Typescript
have good experience with ORM
have good experience with REST or SOAP
have good experience with VCS and building tools (preferably git and maven)
have good understanding of Cloud systems, DevOps concepts and tooling
are able to work both individually and in team
are willing to learn and teach new technologies
are self-motivated and organized
have solid communication skills (oral and written), and willingness to develop them further
speak English at least B2 level
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
2 000 - 2 650 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Možná
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5188776
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.11.2025
2025-11-07
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Java Programmer
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month