IT Support Specialist (L1)
CRIF - Slovak Credit Bureau, s. r. o.
Place of work
Twin City C, Old Town, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 1 600 EUR/month
Final salary offer depends on candidate's experience
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
CRIF is an innovative international Group specialized in IT Solutions, Decisioning Systems, Outsourcing, Banking Software and consulting services. In order to develop our company we look for a Junior IT System Engineer.
The person selected will work under the coordination and responsibility of the IT Coordinator, executing the tasks requested by the customers by applying applications changes, tickets, troubleshooting and tuning activities. A strong respect of the Company’s policies and processes is absolutely a must, the candidate should also be able to act in a proactive way, being autonomous in monitoring and performance analysis. Below you will find out what awaits you in CRIF:
•	Management of the local workstations, mobiles and IT peripherals
•	Ticket management, escalation of tickets to the next level of support if required
•	Support the IT Systems Administrator in the maintenance of network equipment, servers and voice systems
•	Actively support users in all aspects through to problem resolution, keeping the customer informed and updated throughout the incident life-cycle
•	Support the IT Systems Administrator in the maintenance of all hardware and software services provided locally
Employee perks, benefits
* 5 extra vacation days
* Sickness-leave allowance during the first 10 days of sickness
* Health and life insurance contribution
* Contribution to pension fund
* Extra meal-voucher allowance
* Non-stop license on pluralsight.com and MSDN
* Space for your further development
* Stable company with warm working environment
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
Slovak - Proficiency (C2)
Number of years of experience
1
The position is suitable for a fresh graduate
Yes
Personality requirements and skills
•	University or High School degree in IT related field
•	At least 1+ years of experience on same/similar position
•	Excellent knowledge of Microsoft Office programs
•	Good knowledge of Windows Client Operating Systems
•	Basic knowledge of Windows Server Operating Systems
•	Basic knowledge of Network management (LAN, data & voice protocols, VPN)
•	English language at least intermediate level, the ability to read, write and speak
•	Reliable team player focused on user support
•	Good humor, positive spirit and customer orientation
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
CRIF is the international company that manages Banking and Non-banking Credit Bureaus, provides a complete range of solutions for business & consumer information as well as credit & marketing management.
Our mother company is CRIF S.p.A. with seat in Italy, which is successful on the market more than 30 years.
Number of employees
100-149 employees
Contact
Contact person: Dagmar Irena Pulcova
E-mail:
send CV
CRIF - Slovak Credit Bureau, s.r.o.
Mlynské nivy 14, Twin City C
Bratislava 82109
Slovensko
www.crif.sk
Tel:
+421 (02) 5920 7511
E-mail:
kariera@crif.com
IČO:
35886013
IČ DPH:
SK2021842042
DIČ:
2021842042
Reg. číslo:
31737/B
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5188577
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.11.2025
2025-11-07
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
CRIF - Slovak Credit Bureau, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 600 EUR/month