Technical Integration Expert – Bloomreach Engagement platform
Voxwise s.r.o.
Place of work
Myhive Towers, Vajnorská, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
The final offer will reflect the experience and skills of the candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the Role
We’re looking for a
Technical Expert
to join our team, responsible for
integrating Bloomreach Engagement platform
(a CDP & Marketing Automation platform) for our international clients.
You’ll work closely with both clients and our internal teams to design, plan, and implement robust data and integration solutions that enable personalized customer experiences at scale.
This is a role for someone who loves connecting technology with business value — you’ll spend your time
understanding client needs, designing integration plans, explaining the “why” and “how” behind solutions, and making them happen.
What You’ll Do
Collaborate with clients to understand their business goals and translate them into technical setups.
Design
integration architectures
between client systems (CRM, ecommerce, web analytics, invoicing, etc) and Bloomreach.
Configure and implement
data imports, events, API connections, and scenarios
inside the Bloomreach Engagement platform.
Work closely with client developers and analysts to guide them through integration steps and best practices.
Troubleshoot technical issues and provide recommendations for scalable and maintainable solutions.
Participate in client workshops, demos, and onboarding sessions.
Stay up-to-date with Bloomreach product developments and MarTech ecosystem trends.
Employee perks, benefits
Why You’ll Love Working With Us
You’ll work on
various types of international clients
Collaborate with a
friendly, skilled, and supportive team
that values initiative and learning
Freedom to
shape integration strategy and processes
Opportunity to
discover new tech
streams
Multisport card
Parking options
Flexible working hours
3office days+2homeoffice days
A place where your opinion matters
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
and
Slovak - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
What You Bring
Previous experience in a
technical or consulting role
(e.g. Technical Consultant, Solution Engineer, Implementation Specialist, MarTech Expert).
Hands-on experience with
Bloomreach Engagement
(or similar platforms such as Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Braze, or Adobe Campaign).
Solid understanding of
APIs, webhooks, and data integrations
.
Ability to explain technical concepts clearly to non-technical audiences.
Familiarity with
data structures, event tracking, and automation scenarios
.
Excellent communication and client-facing skills.
Analytical mindset and problem-solving attitude.
Experience with JavaScript, SQL, or Python is a plus.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Voxwise is a Slovak company with more than 10 years of history in customer data analysis, creating loyalty programs and pricing solutions. Our specialists work primarily with the data of prestigious foreign clients, mainly from the UK and Saudi Arabia, from various business sectors, helping them make better decisions, with the aim of increasing their profits. Our ambition is to continuously expand into foreign markets and build an excellent reputation, especially with foreign clients. We have the international award Loyalty Awards London in data processing in CRM. Our Voxwise team combines humanness, collaboration, and result orientation. Ambition and an emphasis on innovation go hand in hand with being clear-headed. We think big, but we live in reality.
Contact
Contact person: Eva Sebök
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5188566
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.11.2025
2025-11-07
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Architect
,
IT Consultant
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Voxwise s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month