Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior Software Developer
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Senior Software Developer has lead position within SCRUM team. Holder of the position is responsible for development, design and implementation of new or modified software products or ongoing business projects. Target of development is automation of business processes and cross platform automation. Senior Software Developer handles all phases of software development lifecycle, especially for small or midsize solutions. Provide independent technical expertise, follow agreed methodology steps and rituals and take responsibility for produced code to deliver functional solution with team. Mentor and feedback less experienced colleagues, present team outputs and share knowledge within company. Document and share best practices and constantly work on self-development. Follow industry trends, bring and recommend innovations.
Helps Telekom manage state sponsored projects in extending highspeed internet in Germany.
The platform is essential in entering project details and following with evaluation, managing entire lifecycle.
What will you do?
Development of the platform which is essential for extending highspeed internet in Germany
Analysis of the requirements and communication with internal stakeholders
Development according to Agile methodology – SCRUM
Creation of technical documentation
Creative approach within complex solution and technology used
Active participation on research & development projects
Work closely with other developers, UX designers, business and systems analysts on implementation and testing of the developed solution
Mentor junior developers and participate on onboarding procedure
You will succeed if you:
have experience in Application Development (Object-Oriented)
have excellent knowledge of Java SE (Java 8 and newer), including OOP principles and design patterns
have excellent experience with Spring or Spring boot or JEE
have excellent experience with PostgreSQL
have excellent experience with Kotlin
have excellent experience with Vue.js, Typescript
have excellent experience with ORM
have excellent experience with REST or SOAP
have excellent experience with VCS and building tools (preferably git and maven)
have excellent understanding of Cloud systems, DevOps concepts and tooling
are able to work both individually and in team
are willing to learn and teach new technologies
are self-motivated and organized
have solid communication skills (oral and written), and willingness to develop them further
have experience communicating directly with customer.
speak English at least B2 level
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 3 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Možná
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5188784
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.11.2025
2025-11-07
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Java Programmer
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 100 EUR/month