Process Owner – Incident, Knowledge & Service
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 2 700 EUR/month
From 2700+VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Key Responsibilities
You own and govern the
global incident, knowledge
and
service request fulfillment management processes
. You foster a holistic process as well as tooling approach and manage changes in close alignment with your stakeholders.
You increase
process maturity
based on industry best practices (e.g., ITIL) and drive
automation initiatives
using ITSM tools (e.g. ServiceNow) in alignment with governance structures (e.g. quality managers).
You monitor
process performance
, identify bottlenecks, implement corrective actions and provide training as well as support process users.
In your role, you
drive tasks and responsibilities in their entirety
(i.e., analysis, definition, implementation, and completion) with the aim of limiting risks, exploiting opportunities, and achieving goals in required quality, on schedule and within budget.
Qualifications & Experience
Education:
Preferably, you hold a
university degree
in information technology, computer science or a comparable field.
Technical Skills
You can demonstrate 7+ years of experience in
IT Service Management
(incl. ITIL certification), with strong focus on
global incident, knowledge management
and
request fulfillment process
for enterprise solutions (e.g., more than 10.000 users).
You have profound experience
in operating digital solutions
to engage in technical discussions at eye level.
You are familiar with
ServiceNow
as a process platform as well as
agile approach
(e.g., SCRUM and SAFe methods) and can ideally prove this with corresponding certifications.
You demonstrated success in leading global process governance and transformation initiatives.
Non-Technical Skills
You possess a diverse toolkit to analyze complex relationships and develop solutions together with international teams.
You always keep the long-term goals in mind when developing solutions, comprehensively weigh options against each other, and lead them to a sustainable decision for our customers and the company.
You have excellent social skills, negotiation skills, and assertiveness to develop and implement decisions across all professional disciplines and various hierarchical levels.
Your digital competencies in researching, analyzing, and preparing data and information support you in efficiently identifying and solving challenges.
You can demonstrate your
communication strength
in English with business fluency. German language is welcome.
We own it: You are
passionately committed
to the success of Siemens Healthineers. You enjoy driving change and taking responsibility in a global environment.
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards
: starting from 2700 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Recognition and Reward program
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5188718
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.11.2025
2025-11-07
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month