Company
Who we are
Open Roles
10
Benefits
Early Talent
Back
Senior UI/UX Designer
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Start date & Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 600 EUR/month
If there is currently no open position suitable for you, please submit your e-mail address and preferences. If a new position (opened in the future) aligns with your qualifications and interests, you may be contacted about the opportunity.
Send CV
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Who is CAT Digital? What do we do?
Big machines require big thinking. Are you looking forward to your next big challenge?
Cat® Digital is the digital and technology arm of Caterpillar Inc., leveraging the latest technologies to build industry leading digital solutions for our customers and dealers. With over one million connected assets worldwide, our teams use data, technology, advanced analytics, telematics, and AI capabilities to help our customers build a better world.
Working with a Fortune 100 leader, you can build your career on a global scale and take advantage of development opportunities with emerging technologies. We have created an inclusive environment for you to explore your passions, make an impact, and do the work that matters. Join Us.
Job Opportunity:
We are seeking talented individuals to join our team to help us establish and grow our presence, organization, culture, which will drive our digital product development efforts. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies and collaborate with top professionals working on very high impact and visibility products. Don't miss this chance to join and support digital innovation for a global leader in heavy machinery!
What will you do?
As a Senior UX/UI Designer you have to have a passion for crafting exceptional user experiences and intuitive user interfaces. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams to design and enhance our digital products, ensuring they are visually appealing, user-friendly, and aligned with our brand identity as well as:
Collaborate with product managers and developers to understand project goals, target audience, and user requirements.
Create wireframes, mockups, and prototypes to effectively communicate design concepts and interactions.
Design intuitive and user-centered interfaces for web and mobile applications.
Develop and maintain design guidelines, ensuring consistency across all platforms.
Stay updated with industry trends, best practices, and emerging technologies to continually improve design processes and product quality.
Ensure design fidelity and proper functionality.
Communicate design rationale and decisions effectively to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
This position works directly with Slovakia based engineering leadership and Cat Digital IT in the US.
Employee perks, benefits
At Cat Digital, we are committed to fostering a culture of innovation and continuous learning, and we believe in investing in the development of our employees. As a member of our team, you will have access to a wide range of training and development opportunities, as well as very competitive compensation and benefits packages, like:
3600+ euros / month gross
Performance related annual cash incentive
Industry leading Pension plan
5 days of extra vacation above the legislative requirement
Attractive Life insurance
1 Volunteering day
Multisport Card
Take the chance to apply now for this position at Cat Digital Slovakia branch!
Information about the selection process
Please frequently check the email associated with your application, including the junk/spam folder, as this is the primary correspondence method. If you wish to know the status of your application – please use the candidate log-in on our career website as it will reflect any updates to your status.
Caterpillar is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws.
Caterpillar is committed to creating a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion, respect and integrity, customer focus, and innovation. For more information, visit https://www.caterpillar.com/en/careers/why-caterpillar.html
Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
User Experience Design: Knowledge of user experience design tools, techniques and approaches; ability to design applications that are valued, positively perceived and used by clients.
User Interface Design: Knowledge of activities, practices, deliverables and considerations; ability to design effective graphic user interfaces for delivery of information to the client's desktop workstation.
Proven experience as a UX/UI Designer or similar role, with a strong portfolio showcasing your design skills and thought process.
Proficiency in design tools such as Adobe XD, Sketch, Figma, or similar.
Solid understanding of user-centered design principles and usability.
Ability to create wireframes, prototypes, and visual design mockups.
Strong communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively in cross-functional teams.
Experience with responsive design and designing for various devices and screen sizes.
Knowledge of front-end development technologies (HTML, CSS, etc.) is a plus.
Strong attention to detail and a keen eye for aesthetics and typography.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Caterpillar
is a company of
builders
. Of
challenge breakers
. Of
innovators
who want to impact the world. Our people build and design the products and services that help
shape the communities
where we work and live.
We are building on our legacy and innovating for the next generation. One where
technology-enabled services
create improved outcomes for our people and the customers and communities we serve.
Our ability to innovate and build
begins with our people
. Our tech and digital teams are at the forefront of Caterpillar’s evolution – taking pride in
solving complex problems by building new systems
from the ground up.
On our team, you’ll
leverage data
from across our entire enterprise and
more than 1.5M connected assets
to solve problems and find solutions that open a new world of possibilities for our machines, our customers, our dealers and our business.
While the challenge is great, so is the opportunity. Working with a
Fortune 100 leader
, you can build your career
on a global scale
and take advantage of development opportunities with
emerging technologies
like telematics, data engineering, AI and machine learning, and predictive analytics.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Patricia Kundratova
E-mail:
send CV
Zbrojničná 6, Košice, Slovakia
© 2024 Caterpillar. All rights reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5188218
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.11.2025
2025-11-06
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Designer
,
Graphic Designer
,
IC Design Engineer
,
Web Designer
Spoločnosť:
Caterpillar Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 600 EUR/month