MES / SW Engineer (C#, MS SQL, Angular)
GoodWill Recruitment, s.r.o.
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 500 - 2 500 EUR/month
The salary amount depends on the candidate's experience and seniority. Each candidate is assessed individually.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Serve as the reference person for the technical usage and integration of MES systems within manufacturing operations
Develop and deploy best practices for MES implementation and usage across the plant and collaborate with other plants and IT groups
Continuously assess and improve manufacturing processes through advanced MES capabilities for data capture, analysis, and process control
Lead the introduction, documentation, and validation of MES technology changes
Interface with process engineers and IT for new MES developments, system upgrades, and technology integration
Develop technical specifications for MES projects and manage supplier relationships for MES components
Support the design and implementation process by evaluating supplier solutions and monitoring projectprogress
Define and execute validation plans in conjunction with Quality and IT departments
Collaborate with production and maintenance teams to minimize system downtimes
Ensure compliance with company standards, ISO certifications, and IT policies regarding MES use
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Automotive industry, manufacture of transport equipment
Out client is one of the world’s leading global independent suppliers to the automotive sector
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Intermediate (B1)
Personality requirements and skills
MS-SQL database building, usage, maintenance, troubleshooting experiences
Experiences with C#, Angular programming
Analytical mindset, detail-oriented, problem-solving oriented, with a proactive approach
Strong passion for technology and continuous learning
AI usage experiences
Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook.
English language.
Basic knowledge within SMT and assembly manufacturing proceses.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Sme GoodWill Recruitment - Vaši kariérni inovátori. Ak chcete zmenu a máte chuť napredovať, pozrieme sa s vami na to, aké možnosti máte vo svojom segmente a zistíme, akú výzvu vám vieme ponúknuť. Vyhľadávame špecialistov v oblasti výroby, vývoja, logistiky, elektrotechniky, informačných technológií, financií či ľudských zdrojov. Môžeme sľúbiť osobný prístup, férovosť a čestnosť. Sme Goodwill Recruitment - spájame správnych ľudí so správnymi firmami.
Vážime si váš prejavený záujem a ďakujeme za zaslanie životopisu. Kontaktovať budeme kandidátov, ktorí spĺňajú požiadavky na danú pozíciu.
Contact
Contact person: Ján Hajnik
Tel.:
+421948614486
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5188571
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.11.2025
2025-11-07
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
,
C# Programmer
,
Database Administrator
,
Database Analyst
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
GoodWill Recruitment, s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month