Unix Engineer
NATEK SLOVAKIA, s.r.o.
Miesto práce
Práca z domu
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok, živnosť
Termín nástupu
01.01.2026
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
2 000 EUR/mesiac
Mozna aj spolupraca formou zivnosti: 160 - 180 EUR na den v zavislosti od skusenosti.
Informácie o pracovnom mieste
Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednosti
We are looking for a colleague willing to join our team to develop a broad range of technical skills on enterprise level middleware solutions for traditional, cloud and container environments. The team focus is on design, build and maintain solutions that aim at integrating Business applications providing reliable, high performance and scalable infrastructures.
The candidate will work in a dynamic and open-minded environment having the opportunity to focus on following technologies:
IBM WebSphere application server
Axway API Gateway solution
Middleware automation, including custom tools and maintenance of Ansible roles/scripts.
Tasks:
Design, implementation and administration of test and production environments.
Definition of product lifecycles and migration strategies.
2nd and 3rd level support for test and production environments.
Performance analysis and tuning.
Support of capacity, problem, incident and Change processes.
Solutioning and implementation of SSR/RFSs for the mentioned middleware products.
Design, implementation and maintenance of tools for advanced governance and automation of the supported platforms.
Design, implementation and maintenance of Last Mile Installer (LMIs) to support customer Software Lifecycle and Application Management processes
Zamestnanecké výhody, benefity
This position is ideal for someone who thrives on building relationships, enjoys engaging with customers over the phone, and is passionate about delivering exceptional service.
You’ll be working with a leading telecommunications company known for innovation and customer commitment.
Internal Mobility Program – enjoy many opportunities for career growth, job rotations, diversity of projects & technologies
International, diverse, and inclusive working environment – get experience in global projects for worldwide leaders and enjoy multinational teams
Referral Program – enjoy cooperation with your colleagues and get the bonus
5/10 years NATEK club – we offer long-term cooperation and celebrate each fifth-year cooperation anniversary with gifts
NATEK CSR Events & team buildings – enjoy our values: accountability, partnership and expertise and #workITwithus
Education – benefit from our know-how, learning courses and certificates and IT events – be part of community of leaders of the industry and take part as a speaker or a visitor
Bonuses for Personal Events – we congratulate you on important events of your life: giving birth to children, university graduation, etc.
Benefit Plus (Cafeteria) – use our e-shop with corporate benefits like travel, theatre tickets, books etc.
Multisport Club Card
Technical and Personal training – we are investing in your skills growth
Language courses
1 paid day off for volunteering – we are supportive of all charity ideas
Meal contribution directly to your account
Požiadavky na zamestnanca
Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelaním
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
vysokoškolské III. stupňa
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Stredne pokročilý (B2)
Ostatné znalosti
Administrácia UNIX/Linux - Pokročilý
IBM WebSphere Portal - Základy
Virtualizácia serverov - Mierne pokročilý
Shell Scripting - Mierne pokročilý
Počet rokov praxe
2
Osobnostné predpoklady a zručnosti
Technology enthusiastic and curious.
Deep knowledge of Unix based operating systems,
ability to solve difficult and complex problems.
Knowledge of virtualization, Cloud, containers.
Familiarity with application server, web servers technologies.
Coding and scripting, Unix shell programming.
Problem-solving attitude.
Supportive and collaborative, as well as customer-facing management skills.
Passion for learning.
Team player.
Good proficiency in English.
Good communication skills.
Open to work with complex environments and processes.​
Inzerujúca spoločnosť
Stručná charakteristika spoločnosti
Join one of the most sought-after companies that specializes in IT outsourcing business.
Originating from France, NATEK was established in Czech Republic in 2004. The company currently operates in Poland, Slovakia, Czech Republic and Bulgaria and reports stable 30% growth year-o-year. Our dynamic team of + 600 employees come from over 20 different locations worldwide. Recently celebrating its 10th anniversary, NATEK has become a leading provider of IT services & consultancy in the CEE region.
If you are interested in more information, please visit www.natek.eu
Počet zamestnancov
500-999 zamestnancov
Kontakt
Kontaktná osoba: Marcin Bielecki
E-mail:
poslať životopis
Všetky ponuky spoločnosti
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5188287
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.11.2025
2025-11-06
lokalita:
Práca z domu
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Správca informačného systému
,
Systémový administrátor
,
Systémový inžinier
Spoločnosť:
NATEK SLOVAKIA, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/mesiac