Software Developer
Raiffeisen Conversational AI Lab s. r. o.
Place of work
Pribinova 34, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
4 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are seeking a highly skilled Software Developer for Cloud with extensive experience in Python and cloud platforms such as AWS or Azure. The ideal candidate will play a key role in designing, developing, and deploying scalable cloud-based applications.
Key Responsibilities:
Design and implement cloud-native applications using Python on AWS/Azure.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features.
Optimize and maintain existing cloud applications for performance and scalability.
Ensure the security and compliance of cloud applications.
Mentor junior developers and lead technical discussions.
Troubleshoot and debug applications in a cloud environment.
Stay updated on emerging cloud technologies and best practices.
Employee perks, benefits
Work in a startup-like environment within one of the leading banking groups in CEE.
Collaboration with top professionals in the field of AI and the use of cutting-edge tools.
Modern opportunities for education and development, with the option to choose various conferences and training sessions.
Diverse tasks with strategic significance for our clients.
Work in an innovative environment, collaborating with interesting startups.
Flexible working hours.
Possibility to work from the office or from home.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Python - Advanced
Azure DevOps Server - Advanced
Amazon Web Services (AWS) - Advanced
Personality requirements and skills
5+ years of experience in software development, with a focus on cloud technologies.
Proficient in Python and experienced with frameworks such as FastAPI or Pydantic.
Strong knowledge of AWS and/or Azure services (e.g., EC2, S3, Lambda, Azure Functions).
Experience with CI/CD tools and DevOps practices.
Familiarity with microservices architecture and containerization (Docker, Kubernetes).
Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
Strong communication skills and ability to work in a team environment.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
RBI Retail Innovation SK s.r.o. is a member of Raiffeisen Bank International Group. Our goal is to identify and introduce modern, innovative technologies with focus for the retail banking across the value chain.
We are a team of professionals with fintech background and start-up culture, who strive to change the way customers interact with financial services.
We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ethnicity, race or colour, national origin, religion, political or other opinion, sex, sexual orientation or disability. We are based in Bratislava.
Contact
Contact person: Bc.  Linda Trancikova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5188390
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.11.2025
2025-11-07
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Raiffeisen Conversational AI Lab s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 000 EUR/month