Senior .NET Developer
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
In accordance with the EU Pay Transparency Directive, the minimum gross annual compensation for this position, determined based on objective and gender-neutral criteria, is 3 000 EUR/gross. The final compensation package will depend on the candidate's qualifications and relevant experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Senior .NET Developer
Are you a motivated, hands-on, and innovative person, interested in working for one of the largest global insurers? Are you interested in solving complex business challenges? Then this job is definitely something for you.
We are looking for a
Senior
.NET Developer
join the Zurich Integrated Benefits (ZIB) team. In this role, you will:
Solve high impact business problems in support of ZIB, which manages a global employee benefit platform and supports corporate life insurance business in multiple markets.
Be part of an entrepreneurially minded global team, which is daring to challenge the status quo,
Further develop your hard skills by working with internal and external analytics experts
Employee perks, benefits
On top of a competitive annual bonus, we offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes:
Working time benefits
Personal days off, Concentrated work week, Additional vacation, Home office, Extra days off at occasion of childbirth, Sabbatical leave
Monetary benefits
Life insurance from Zurich Austria, Compensation for salary loss during sick leave, 3rd pension pillar contribution, Risk Life Insurance, Meal contribution on top of the legally required minimum, Years of service bonus, Wedding bonus, Baby bonus
Other benefits
Edenred electronic cafeteria, Public Transport contribution, Maternity leave benefits, Massages in the office
Learning/Development
Professional Certifications, Online Education Portals, Extensive Onboarding program, Strengths based culture (GALLUP)
Location(s):
Bratislava office or Kosice coworking space
Schedule:
Full-time
Hybrid work:
We would be happy to meet you in the office/ coworking space 3 times a week with the added flexibility of working from home on a weekly basis.
About us
At our company, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
7.12.2025
(there are still 20 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Educational Specialization
Actuarial & Pricing Analytics
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
Actuarial & Pricing Analytics
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
As a Senior .NET Developer, your skills and experience will ideally include:
+7 years of experience in international environments, financial services, banking, or insurance experience
Candidates must have experience doing hands on development building an application from the ground up;
Strong analytical aptitude and ability to learn new technologies in a short amount of time;
Strong attention to detail, and a passion for delivering high-quality code
.Net experience in latest releases (v8 ideal).
Extensive knowledge and experience with development of .Net Core RESTful APIs
Experience with Repository or Unit of Work Patterns
Hands on experience with Entity Framework
Knowledge of T-SQL (SQL for Ms SQL), ability to develop select, update statements, join tables, develop stored procedures and triggers.
Unite testing
Parallelization
Development of Azure Web services, Azure functions
Experience with Azure DevOps CI/CD pipelines
Nice to have
Experience with Dapper
Optional
Front-end development experience
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Zurich is a leading multi-line insurer that serves its customers in global and local markets. With about 60,000 employees it provides a wide range of property and casualty, life insurance products and services in more than 200 countries and territories. Zurich’s customers include individuals, small businesses, and mid-sized and large companies, as well as multinational corporations.
Zurich Slovakia is a Competence Center based in Bratislava and Kosice providing highly specialized services for Zurich's headquarter in Switzerland and all Zurich Business units around the globe. Our services are focusing on all types of actuarial services – Life and Non-life, pricing and reserving, on data science and engineering, risk management, business intelligence, information technology, software asset management as well as insurance network management and technical accounting. Our Competence Center employs around 400+ staff from 20+ different countries.
At Zurich Insurance, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Laura Davidova
Tel.:
+421 917 597 205
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5188985
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.11.2025
2025-11-07
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month