Pooled Service Manager with Spanish / US time
NATEK SLOVAKIA, s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
1.1.2026
Wage (gross)
1 300 - 1 450 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Do you love to sleep in and consider yourself a night owl? Are you fluent in Spanish but do not have much chance to practice it? Then, this is the ideal job for you!!!
Pooled Service Manager (SM) ensures that company´s products and services are supported to operational contractual commitments and service level agreements, on behalf of designated global strategic MNC’s.
The SM has ownership of the Customer Service Experience (customer satisfaction) and builds relationships of trust and integrity whenever possible and needed with aligned (pooled) customers by demonstrating a comprehensive understanding both of the customers’ business requirements and the client´s products and services that are used to support these requirements.
SM owns the customer experience, acts as a “gap filler” and builds relationship within the company and other service provider groups to ensure that people within these groups understand and respond to Client and SM requests and requirements.
Additional information:
• Working hours: US time (13:30 - 22:00 CET)
• Language skills:
English (fluent)
Spanish (fluent)
• Possibility of working fully remote within Slovakia
• Complete training provided
Main duties:
Point of Client escalation
Point of internal escalation and enquiry
Supporting across Assurance, Delivery and Billing
All products and services including NI and 3rd party
Providing Client facing reports (ad hoc and rare need only)
Maintaining Customer specific service guides
Participation/Leadership on Client calls
Extra ad hoc duties that might be applied:
Analysis and recommendations based on available data/reports
Including capacity management, site resiliency
Creating and managing Service Improvement plans
Employee perks, benefits
Internal Mobility Program – enjoy many opportunities for career growth, job rotations, diversity of projects & technologies
International, diverse, and inclusive working environment – get experience in global projects for worldwide leaders and enjoy multinational teams
Referral Program – enjoy cooperation with your colleagues and get the bonus
5/10 years NATEK club – we offer long-term cooperation and celebrate each fifth-year cooperation anniversary with gifts
NATEK CSR Events & team buildings – enjoy our values: accountability, partnership and expertise and #workITwithus
Bonuses for Personal Events – we congratulate you on important events of your life: giving birth to children, university graduation, etc.
Benefit Plus (Cafeteria) – use our e-shop with corporate benefits like travel, theatre tickets, books etc.
Multisport Club Card
Technical and Personal training – we are investing in your skills growth
Language courses
1 paid day off for volunteering – we are supportive of all charity ideas
Meal contribution directly to your account
Education – benefit from our know-how, learning courses and certificates and IT events – be part of community of leaders of the industry and take part as a speaker or a visitor
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
zákaznícky servis; customer care agent
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
and
Spanish - Upper intermediate (B2)
The position is suitable for a fresh graduate
Yes
Personality requirements and skills
Spanish and english
language is a must
Ability to work under pressure and when required
Proactive approach to avoid issues and risks.
Very good interpersonal skills: Empathy; Respectfulness; Ability to lead corrective action; persuasive  and diplomatic. Common sense is the key!
Ability to multitask in a complex environment and deliver to timescales.
Pragmatic, lateral thinking and problem-solving skills. Analytical and resourceful
Presentation skills
Ability to work in isolation and on own initiative in highly pressured situations.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Join one of the most sought-after companies that specialize in IT outsourcing business.
Building on our shared company values – accountability, expertise and partnership - NATEK's mission is to deliver high quality IT outsourcing and consulting services in the CEE region. Since 2004, our employees have been participating projects for our partners from all over the world   in the most important sectors, including finance and insurance, telecommunications, and IT infrastructure. NATEK has offices in Poland, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic and Slovakia, and thanks to a team of over 700 experts, including project managers, programmers and administrators, we are able to effectively support our partners.
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Laura Horvathova
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5188293
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.11.2025
2025-11-06
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Call Operator
,
Customer Support Specialist
,
IT Project Manager
,
Project Manager
,
Relationship Manager
Spoločnosť:
NATEK SLOVAKIA, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 300 EUR/month