Student .NET developer
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Place of work
: Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Wage (gross)
:
7,5 EUR/hour
Contract type
: part-time
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join our team as a Student .NET Developer and contribute to the development and maintenance of Kistler’s Cockpit / KiStudio applications. These WPF-based .NET solutions support a wide range of use cases - from automotive applications such as combustion power and E-Powertrain analysis (Cockpit) to laboratory and vehicle testing environments (KiStudio Lab).
You’ll be part of a team working on cutting-edge tools for real-time data processing, visualization, configuration, and analysis - used by engineers and researchers worldwide.
Your Responsibilities:
Implement new functionalities for the KiStudio / Cockpit software component according to the project scope and priorities
Develop and maintain automated UI and system tests using FlaUI framework
Participate in detailed software design and documentation in line with Kistler quality standards
Write unit, integration, and system tests for developed components and ensure adequate test coverage
Apply Kistler’s professional software development methodologies and comply with project procedures.
Employee perks, benefits
The way we work
Hybrid working model (based on the agreement with your team lead). We trust that you know how to organize your time to stay productive
Regular performance review and career growth possibilities
Health & Well-being
Electric stand-up desk and ergonomic chair
Recognition
Attractive referral bonus
Career & Development
Library, Online Educational Portals: Pluralsight, Safari books, LeanPub, Egghead
Social life
Team-buildings, Company breakfast, Christmas Party, Grill Party, Family/Kid’s day, Pizza Thursdays etc.
Football table and board games in the office
Extra benefits
Lunch tickets in amount of 8 EUR
Great coffee, tea, fresh fruit
Information about the selection process
Information about the selection process Do you like it so far? Let us know, send us your CV. After receiving and reviewing your CV we will contact you for short telephone pre-screen. Following this, if successful, we will set up meeting with your future team leader and one of our technical specialist for more detailed discussion about your experience and motivation and to answer your questions about company and project itself. The final stage of the hiring process is meeting with head of Kistler Bratislava to get to know you better and align on the personal and position expectations. Our HR colleagues will be informing and guiding you through every step of this process. Good luck. We are looking forward to meeting you.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
6.12.2025
(there are still 19 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Must have:
Experience with SW programming (C#, C++, Java, Python or similar) or demonstratable
algorithmic thinking and problem solving
Motivation to learn and work within a complex .NET development and test environment
Ability and willingness to learn and adapt to complex development environment
Affinity to work in an international environment
Nice to have:
Knowledge of object-oriented principles, modeling tools, and design patterns
Structured, analytical, and systematic working style
Experience or interest in automated UI testing frameworks (e.g., FlaUI, PyTest, …)
Architecture and design creation as well as in the utilization of design patterns
Experience with development under Linux & Windows environment
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Einsteinova 33
851 01 Bratislava, Slovakia
+421 948 377 105
, Natália Shalanová, HR Generalist
Kistler Holding AG
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5188100
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.11.2025
2025-11-06
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
,
C# Programmer
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
7,5 EUR/hour