About us
Open positions
Benefits
Contact
Student Part-Time: Schwarzkopf Professional Marketing & Education Support for EMEA
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary *
From 6,5 EUR/hour
Contract type
part-time
* Of course, an overpayment is possible depending on the respective training, qualification and professional experience. The gross salary is based on these aforementioned criteria and is finally determined after the personal interview.
Henkel operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in two exciting business areas: Consumer Brands (Laundry & Home Care and Beauty Care) and Adhesive Technologies. Our success is built on constant innovation and people who strive for excellence. Working at Henkel is much more than just a job. It's a passion. Have you got what it takes?
Your role
Provide administrative support to the EMEA Education Manager.
Prepare, adapt, and optimize presentations for the EMEA Education Manager.
Consolidate and organize information from multiple data sources.
Analytical tasks & reporting.
Monitor market and competitor activities.
Communication with countries and headquarters.
Your skills
University student, preferably in the 2nd to 5th year of study.
Fluent in English, both written and spoken.
Able to work independently, set priorities, and manage time effectively.
Takes ownership of assigned tasks and responsibilities.
Proactive approach, with a mindset for identifying opportunities to improve processes.
General marketing knowledge.
Experienced user of MS Office tools on good level (especially Excel & Powerpoint).
Benefits we offer
Extra contribution to lunch vouchers
Work in international company
Flexible worktime
Multisport Card possibility
Home Office possibility
Henkel shop
#HenkelSlovensko
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5189725
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.11.2025
2025-11-17
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Database Analyst
,
Education Specialist
,
Marketing Specialist
Spoločnosť:
HENKEL SLOVENSKO, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
6,5 EUR/hour