Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Ponúkaná mzda (brutto)
From 2 000 EUR/month
Data Science Analyst / AI Engineer for Fresh Graduates
Orientačná celková mzda (brutto)
From 2 000 EUR/month
Data Science is all about breaking new ground to enable businesses to answer their most urgent questions. Pioneering massively parallel data-intensive analytic processing, our mission is to develop a whole new approach to generating meaning and value from petabyte-scale data sets and shape brand new methodologies, tools, statistical methods and models.
Join us to do the best work of your career and make a profound impact as a
Data Science Analyst
/ Generative AI Engineer
on our
Demand Intelligence Team
in
Bratislava
as part of our
Demand Intelligence
group.
The Demand Intelligence team’s mission is to drive business growth by keeping our customers at the center. Our team uses data, fueled by Generative AI and Machine Learning to listen, understand and act so we can give our customers what they want – while growing Marketing’s contribution to the business.
What you’ll achieve:
You will work with other Gen AI engineers, ML engineers, Data Scientists and our marketing partners to build intelligent solutions that transform how we engage with customers.  You will be part of a high-impact initiative leveraging Agentic AI and LLMs to deliver personalized guidance to our sales teams – empowering them to connect our customers with the right solutions.
You will:
Build prompt and agentic workflows, ML models, carry out experiments, solve automation, build insights dashboards and take care of deploying our models and workflows to production
Build solutions which scale across multiple work across multiple geography & ensure any solutions you develop balance high performance and customer experience.
Work in a collaborative environment with industry leading professionals who will help you to learn and find your own way
Use open-source technologies to bring innovative and scalable solutions & be flexible and creative in how you implement AI/ML methodologies to our problem statements
Improve algorithms and therefore our customer’s experience in every engagement we make with them – right product, right message, right time
Essential Requirements
Master’s degree graduate in Artificial Intelligence, Statistics, Computer Science, or Mathematics (Graduation in 2025 or 2026).
Knowledge of predictive modeling and / or Agentic AI, LLMs.
Knowledge of Python and SQL (especially on data wrangling, analysis, and modeling) plus code versioning tools like Git.
Excellent problem solving, analytic skills, and written and oral English communication skills
AI-ready skills enabling you to build agentic and/or prompt workflows. Ideally you are familiar with vector databases, RAG systems and prompting.
Desirable Requirements
Experience with State Of The Art techniques and models in the AI space & Experience with fine-tuning of LLMs using techniques such as instruction tuning or PEFT
Familiarity on the theory around standard ML methods is a plus: e.g., linear / logistic / regularized regressions, nearest neighbors, k-means, DB scan, collaborative filtering, random forests, xgboost, light gbm, SVM, neural networks, deep neural networks, deep belief networks.
Salary starting from:
2000 EUR / brutto month
Who we are
We believe that each of us has the power to make an impact. That’s why we put our team members at the center of everything we do. If you’re looking for an opportunity to grow your career with some of the best minds and most advanced tech in the industry, we’re looking for you.
Dell Technologies is a unique family of businesses that helps individuals and organizations transform how they work, live and play. Join us to build a future that works for everyone because Progress Takes All of Us.
Application closing date:
30th November 2025
Dell Technologies is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Read the full Equal Employment Opportunity Policy here.
Job ID:
R247972
Benefity
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5189594
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.11.2025
2025-11-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
,
Research Worker, Scientific Worker
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Dell Technologies
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month