Technical Product Owner (Maritime)
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Place of work
Karadžičova, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
3 500 EUR/month
Minimum monthly salary: 3,500 EUR brutto. Freelancer's hourly rate to be agreed individually. The final offer may vary based on the experience and qualifications of the selected candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
​
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services (FSS)
as a member of the Austrian Group FREQUENTIS AG, is focused on software development, system engineering and delivery of safety-critical voice communication and information systems. Our solutions are developed and distributed in the following business segments:
Air Traffic Management & Defence
(civil and military air traffic control, aeronautical information management),
Public Safety
(police, fire and rescue services, emergency medical services) and
Public Transport & Maritime
(railway and urban transport solutions, vessel traffic management).
Who We Are Looking For?
We are seeking a skilled Product Owner for our SCRUM team who can successfully plan and track software development for our customers, mainly in the area of Maritime.
Your Next Project
Join our product development team for
FREQUENTIS MarTRX
, our next generation
voice and data communication product
tailored for Maritime. FSS oversees the development of the FREQUENTIS MarTRX suite, a range of products specifically designed for Maritime GMDSS and VTS systems. The suite is based on VOIP technology and enables voice and data communication for our customers around the globe.
Your main tasks in the project
Create and maintain short term product roadmap
Execute the product life-cycle
Understand customer’s requirements and, in cooperation with system architects, translate them to the team of developers and coordinate successful delivery of the order
Prioritize and drive out the product requirements
Support development team
Coordinate tasks related to the customization and changes of implemented solutions
Create offers for product features to stakeholders using team input
Deliver product releases in time and within budget
Responsible for analysis, documentation, presentations, reports for the customer
Your Technical Skills and Knowledge
You should have minimum 5 years of professional experience in managing software projects and background in system engineering or desire to expand knowledge in the following technologies:
Telecommunication/System engineering high level knowledge
Previous experience with SCRUM, JAMA or JIRA is an advantage
Your Qualities
You are flexible, self-driven, dedicated, goal-oriented and structured in how you approach your work
You are communicative and like to meet new people, collaborate with the development team and find agreements with your senior colleagues in the FREQUENTIS Group
You can integrate yourself into a larger cooperation, following corporate processes and recognizing constraints that may affect your work
You are proficient in spoken and written English
Knowledge of German or other European languages is an advantage
Employee perks, benefits
Training and development program (business and product trainings, language course)
Employee referral program (financial reward for recommending a successful candidate)
Employee assistance program (legal, financial and psychological counselling)
Meal contribution fully paid by the company
Multisport card/Pension scheme contribution (DDS)
Flexible working hours, home office
Refreshments, company & team events
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
You can integrate yourself into a larger cooperation, follow corporate processes
Willingness to travel once a week to our headquarters in Vienna, possibility to use a company car (for team meetings/trainings, etc.)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Our Bratislava-based company FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is part of the Austrian FREQUENTIS group (www.frequentis.com). We are a leading global supplier of communication and information solutions for safety-critical applications, such as for air traffic control towers, public safety control rooms (112) or air defense forces. Our mission-critical solutions cover diverse areas, such as telephony and radio communication, Geographical Information Systems (GIS), incident and resource management, video surveillance and automatic video analytics.
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is specialized in software development and project delivery. Together with our parent company we are developing FREQUENTIS’ next generation control room solutions, using state-of-the-art technologies and processes. Our delivery teams then deploy those solutions at our customers around the globe, with responsibility for commercial and technical project management, engineering and quality assurance.
To grow our team, we are constantly looking for talents in all these fields. Our company offers an interesting and challenging technical environment, a people-focused culture with emphasis on a good work-life-balance and, if desired, a long-term development and career opportunities.
For our customers, lives may be at stake and seconds count. Our solutions thus need to be developed to the highest standards when it comes to usability and reliability. Safety is what guides us from the first designs till the final tests of any of our solutions. If those are the kinds of challenges that excite you, then you have come to the right place!
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Eva Lajchová
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5189903
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.11.2025
2025-11-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
,
Product Development Specialist
Spoločnosť:
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month