CME Discovery Manager / System Administrator (ServiceNow)
MARKÍZA - SLOVAKIA, spol. s r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava region, Czech Republic (The job requires travelling)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/month
The stated amount of salary represents the minimum guaranteed amount and will be specified based on your experience and expectations.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
️ CME Group is looking for a Discovery and CMDB Manager to lead the strategy, governance, and operation of our ServiceNow CMDB and Discovery processes.
️ In this role, you will ensure configuration data is accurate, reliable, and delivers value across ITSM, ITOM, and compliance.
️  If you're excited about this opportunity to build administration across all CME companies, you are the one we are looking for.
Who we are? https://www.cme.net/
What You Will Be Responsible For?
• You will own the deployment and optimization of ServiceNow Discovery and Service Mapping, manage integrations with cloud and infrastructure tools, and drive CMDB data quality.
• Acting as the subject matter expert, you will partner with IT, security, and operations teams to improve visibility, automation, and service outcomes.
• A key responsibility will be to ensure full Discovery and CMDB coverage across all Business Units (IT, Broadcast, and Online) and consistently drive this agenda across all CME territories: Czech Republic (CZ), Slovakia (SK), Romania (RO), Bulgaria (BG), Croatia (HR), and Slovenia (SI).
Employee perks, benefits
Why Join CME?
• Work with cutting-edge data technologies in a dynamic international media group.
• Contribute directly to data-driven transformation across six countries.
• Join a culture that values innovation, learning, and impact.
• 29 days off - 25 vacation days + 4 personal days extra, because life isn't just about work.
• 4 volunteering days - we actively help the community we live in.
• Flexible working hours and work from anywhere - We believe everyone has their own rhythm.
• Modern offices in the iconic environment of Barrandov Studios.
• Laptop, phone and other equipment you need.
• Multisport card to keep you fit.
• Healthcare in a premium medical facility.
• Inspiring environment full of creative people.
• International opportunities and collaboration across CME Group.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
What You Will Need to Succeed?
• Strong ServiceNow expertise (Discovery, CMDB, Service Mapping)
• ITIL knowledge, and experience integrating with multi-cloud and hybrid environments
• ServiceNow certifications and leadership experience are a plus.
• Collaborative approach, passion for administration, as well as optimization of systems.
• Excellent communication skills in English; other CEE languages are a plus.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Central European Media Enterprises (CME) is the leading television broadcaster in Central and Eastern Europe reaching approximately 91 million people in Central and Eastern European countries. The company's success across these countries is attributable to its business strategy and continued expansion plans.
TV MARKÍZA belongs to CME Media Group and represents CME in Slovakia.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Lýdia Judičáková
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5189794
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.11.2025
2025-11-10
lokalita:
Bratislava region, Czech Republic (The job requires travelling)
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
,
IT System Administrator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Systems Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
MARKÍZA - SLOVAKIA, spol. s r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month