Technical Writer
FEI Czech Republic s.r.o.
Place of work
Mlynské nivy 18890/5, Ružinov
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 017 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
When you join us at Thermo Fisher Scientific, you'll be part of an experienced, motivated team that shares your passion for exploration and discovery. With revenues of $22 billion and the largest investment in R&D in the industry, we give our people the resources and opportunities to make significant contributions to the world.
How Will You Make an Impact?
Working with an International team, this position will develop technical documentation across a range of subjects with various features and innovations. In this role, you will be contributing to a popular and well known Thermo Fisher product, that in-turn helps our customers to use this product more efficiently and understand it more quickly.
What will you work on?
Developing technical documentation for lab automation software for different audiences
Perform research, writing, and maintenance of Help systems, installation and configuration guides, and customized documentation
Strong analytical skills, and excellent English writing and editing skills with demonstrated ability to write clearly in a variety of styles, including extensive knowledge of grammar, style and spelling
Cooperate with service providers to ensure on-time delivery of translations and printed documentation
Who do we look for?
Degree in Chemistry (Instrumental Analysis (GC, MS, HPLC)), Technical Communication, Computer Science, or related field with an emphasis on technical documentation, or equivalent years of relevant experience
Experience in end-user technical writing is an advantage
Knowledge of Microsoft Office products
English on a proficient level both in written and spoken form
Strong communication skills and experience with working in a cross-cultural team
Ability to organize information, learn complex concepts, and explain concepts and instructions clearly and concisely
Advantage:
Working experience with a content management system (e.g. Tridion SDL, AuthorIT, or Schema ST4)
Knowledge of relevant authoring tools (e.g., Adobe RoboHelp) and graphics design tools (Adobe Creative Suite)
Knowledge of translation memory tools (Across Translation Memory, SDL Trados) and / or programming experience
How do we motivate you?
work with us and be an important part of a company developing cutting-edge technologies for a scientific customers worldwide
flexible working hours to better balance your personal life
possibility to combine work from site and home office after probation period
specific trainings for your new role designed by manager including English lessons. You don't have to worry about learning things without any support
financial benefits - annual bonus, pension insurance allowance, possibility of life or health insurance for better prices
mobile tariff for you and family members for great prices
free Multisport card
meal allowance and company canteen with free fruit or vegetables every day
modern work environment including relax zones, gym, outside playground and massages in the building
open and friendly company spirit - we have a company rock band, various sport teams etc.
The minimum annual salary for more junior candidates is €24,200 yearly, and for more senior candidates €32,000 yearly. The final offer will be determined based on the candidate’s skills and experience.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Advertiser
Contact
Contact person: Kristýna Smolová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5190525
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.11.2025
2025-11-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Chemist
,
Technical Writer
Spoločnosť:
FEI Czech Republic s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 017 EUR/month