System Administrator for Grid Control Complex Solutions
Place of work
Lamačská cesta, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Start date
ASAP / By agreement
Contract type
full-time
Salary
2 200 EUR/month
From 2 200€
brutto / month + variable bonus*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. This salary is for junior candidate. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions. Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
About us
Siemens
We are a technology company focused on industry, infrastructure, transport, and healthcare. By combining the real and the digital worlds, we empower our customers to transform their industries and markets, helping them to transform the everyday for billions of people.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Digitalization – Decentralization of energy resources – Decarbonization of power generation
At
Siemens Smart Infrastructure
(SI)
we’re driving the energy transition.
The exponential growth of distributed energy resources (DER) is rapidly changing the challenges for all players on the electrical power market. Decentralization and digitalization are enhancing and transforming the energy world faster than ever.
Siemens business unit
Grid Software
Account for growth challenges our customers facing due to the DER growth. Our employees are working on pioneer topics in very close collaboration with these customers. In the Grid Control segment, we’re mainly working on equipping control centers with a software bundle called Spectrum Power™.
Beyond traditional grid operation, Spectrum Power™ solutions actively help grid operators manage, orchestrate, and optimize their transmission and distribution systems. Over 1,300 Spectrum Power™ systems in operation keep the lights on for hundreds of millions of people around the globe.
We are looking for a passionate candidate (m/f/d) to join our team in Advanced Project (Grid Control) located in Bratislava, Slovakia. The positions will allow the successful candidate to bring engineering knowhow together with software skills and work in a field with enormous impact on the future.
Main Duties:
Installation and Configuration of Siemens Grid Control Systems including Hardware, Software and all belonging third party products (example: operating system, Oracle Database, JBoss, Jasper Reports, Nagios, etc.)
Preparation of test cases and execution of basic tests
Error detection and troubleshooting of the solution used 24/7 in critical infrastructure
Responsibility for the system infrastructure of the complex control center of computer systems (planning, configuration and testing of the infrastructure - firewall, DMZ, IP addresses, vulnerability tests)
Clarifying technical concepts with the customer
Supporting Sales Department with Technical Concepts and Consulting in Tender processes
Playing an important role of being interface between Project Manager and Project Team
Apply IT security standards to the critical infrastructure systems (multifactor authentications, encryption standards and protocols, System Hardening, IPA, Linux and Windows,…)
Language skills
English language – Intermediate level (B2)
As advantage would be German language skill– Intermediate level (B2) or willingness to learn
Experiences and Education:
Relevant IT education background (University education I. or II. degree in information technology or adequate experience)
Advanced experience in UNIX/Linux administration
Desired experience in Administration of Windows servers
Basic knowledge of network technologies (routing, switching) required
Experience with virtualization technologies preferrable
Basic knowledge of programming and scripting (example: Powershell, Bash, ksh, …)
Optional: Experience with Ansible for automating system administration tasks
Knowledge of Hardware (BIOS configuration, RAID arrays, Clustering) – server technologies, enterprise solutions
Basic Understanding of Oracle Database
Reading and understanding of source codes - C, C++, Perl
Basic knowledge of IT security (e.g. hardening, patch management, …)
Personal qualifications:
Customer oriented
Business Process oriented
Operational "hands-on" attitude
Strong analytical approach to troubleshooting / problem solving
Independent, proactive, and self-structured work style
Willingness to grow with Siemens Grid Control Software
General willingness to travel
What we offer
Multi-cultural environment
Working in fast growing business unit
Supporting individual suggested education / trainings / certifications
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Home office, telework
Flexible working hours (9:00 – 15:00), short Fridays
Bridge days – 3 days/year
Sick days – 3 days/year
Additional paid leave
Cafeteria system - BenefitPlus = 300 points / € per year
Contribution to 3rd pillar pension up to 3% of gross salary (after the employment trial period)
Sick leave compensation and Sick Leave to Care for a Family Member compensation (up to 100% of salary, 20 days/year)
Childbirth bonus of 300€
Contribution for attending a preschool facility (200€)
Contribution for representative sports activities
MultiSport
2 SIM cards with discounted employee flat rate also for family members
Employee referral bonus up to 2 000€
Opportunity to invest in the purchase of Siemens shares
Discounts for employees (electronics, language courses, vacation stays...)
Discounted employee´s loans
Wellbeing program, Health Day, team-building program
Education in various fields of your choice
Work anniversary present and life anniversary contribution
Valuable gift on the occasion of retirement
How it looks here
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5190453
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.11.2025
2025-11-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Administrator
,
IT System Administrator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Systems Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month