Lenovo Slovakia
Benefits
Jobs
Contact us
ISG Category Options Analyst
What do you need to succeed in this opportunity
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
What will you do
Join Lenovo as an ISG Category Options Analyst, supporting the Options business for ISG. This permanent position is ideal for a driven professional with a strong background in sales, business analysis, and market strategy.
In this role, you will conduct market and data analysis to guide strategic decisions for the Options business.
You will work extensively with tools such as Power BI, Qlik, and Excel to extract, manipulate, and present data in a clear and impactful way. Collaborating closely with the Senior Manager, you will contribute to the development of proposals, support campaign execution, and ensure alignment across different geographies. Additionally, you will provide foundational analytics that will drive the growth and success of the new Options division.
Key Responsibilities
- Collaborate with ISG Category leaders and all ISO geographies to execute a unified and integrated Options strategy.
- Curate and analyze market data, applying consistent decision processes across ISO.
- Support the coordination and execution of the ISG Options Business Strategy.
- Assist in developing quarterly options business plans to achieve fiscal year goals, considering options mix, lifecycle, routes to market, partner impacts, supply, and business analysis.
- Execute Options Growth Plans for sales segments and channels in each geo market.
- Implement ISO/GEO go-to-market and route plans for new and existing offerings.
- Work with sales teams and stakeholders to optimize options attach rates and deal value.
- Support demand planning and product management teams to drive market share, manage demand, and address inventory issues.
Position Requirements
- Minimum Bachelor’s degree, preferably a Master’s, in Business Administration or equivalent.
- At least 5 years of experience in Sales, Sales Management, and Options.
- Strong data-oriented background and proficiency in Power BI, Qlik, and Excel
- Ability to perform basic programming and confidence to work with large datasets to generate actionable insights
- Excellent communication skills, proven experience in cross-functional collaboration and ability to thrive in a multicultural, international environment
- Strong analytical skills and attention to detail.
- Knowledge of NA/LA/EMEA/APJ server markets and dynamics.
- Solid understanding of x86 server technology and related ecosystem.
Other information
Place of work:
Landererova, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Salary offer (gross):
From 2 650 EUR/month
Base gross monthly salary from minimum 2650 EUR and above, depending on experience + variable part 12% of your annual earnings
Contract type:
full-time
What we offer
Healthcare and well-being
Development
Work - life balance
Bonus system
Community life (CSR)
About Lenovo
Lenovo is a company in a constant state of
creation.
Here, you'll
architect
your own career,
pioneer
new ideas and
master
new skills.
Lenovo Slovakia employs more than
25 nationalities
and
is the biggest shared service center in Lenovo Group.
Our people share a common aspiration to
be the very best.
Whether
serving
our customers,
working
together as a team or
contributing
to the community, we are working to build
unique company.
APPLY
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5190468
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.11.2025
2025-11-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Business Analyst
,
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Lenovo (Slovakia) s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 650 EUR/month