O nás
Novinky
Kontakt
Značka prémiového recruitmentu
S&you
patrí do portfólia pôvodom francúzskej skupiny
SYNERGIE
, 5. najväčšieho poskytovateľa HR služieb v Európe. V regióne Česko-Slovensko pôsobíme už viac ako
25 rokov
. Špecializujeme sa na vyhľadávanie a výber zamestnancov na pozície špecialistov, stredného a vyššieho manažmentu.
Pracovné ponuky:
Financie
Bankovníctvo
IT
Telco
Obchod
Marketing
Priemysel
Logistika
Administratíva
HR
Business Development Manager with Polish — Enterprise Tech Training  (100% home office)
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 800 EUR/month
Final salary depends on the candidate´s experience
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join a globally recognised, IDC-awarded training powerhouse that fuels the cloud, AI and DevOps up-skilling of Fortune-class companies and government agencies across five continents. Backed by official authorisations from AWS, Microsoft, IBM, Red Hat and more, you’ll ignite first-contact conversations that turn into large-scale learning programmes — and watch your network (and commission) grow along with your influence.
Hunt & spark — research, cold-call and social-sell your way to fresh decision-makers in tech-driven enterprises.
Book the room — lock in discovery calls  for Account Executives and join, to make the warm intro.
Probe the skill gaps — map client needs to a portfolio spanning cloud, AI, cybersecurity, data & agile training.
Keep the rhythm — maintain flawless CRM hygiene so the funnel, forecasts and follow-ups are always on point.
Employee perks, benefits
Uncapped, performance-based commission—sell more, earn more.
Comprehensive Health Coverage: Enroll in health, vision, and dental insurance on the first day of the month following the introductory period.
Financial Security: Benefit from life and disability insurance policies starting immediately after the introductory period.
Generous PTO Scheme: Accrue paid time off from the first day of employment, with increases based on tenure, supporting long-term career growth.
Tuition Reimbursement: Avail of education benefits after one year of service to foster personal and professional development.
Recognized Public Holidays: Enjoy time off on key public holidays, ensuring work-life balance.
Flexibility and Well-being: Emphasis on flexible PTO to meet diverse needs for time away from work, enhancing overall well-being and job satisfaction.
Fully remote: Enjoy the convenience of working remotely from your own home as long as you are based in Slovakia or Czech Republic.
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
For over 25 years, our client has led the global IT and Business Skills training sector, serving corporations and government agencies.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
Polish - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
3+ years of new-business success with a clear numbers story.
Fluent Polish and English —additional language is a plus.
A solid IT-industry background and a warm network of tech or HR/L&D stakeholders.
Magnetic communication & negotiation skills
Relentless self-starter energy and the mindset to turn “maybe” into “let’s talk”.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
SYNERGIE Slovakia as recruitment and consulting agency has been present on the Slovak market since 1999. We are a part of SYNERGIE Group - the 5th largest HR solutions provider in Europe.
We do offer international experience, consultants with wide-ranging knowledge and experience in their specific fields and deep knowledge of the job market.
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services. (25908/2004 - OSS 129/2005. Plati pre SR.)
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
20-24 employees
Information about the selection process
Odpovedáme všetkým kandidátom do 3 pracovných dní, a to aj v prípade zamietavého stanoviska
Nenašli ste ponuku, ktorá by Vás zaujala? Navštívte našu stránku
www.synergie.sk
, kde nájdete aj pozície, ktoré nie sú zverejnené na pracovných portáloch.
Poznáte niekoho, kto je vhodným kandidátom na jednu z našich pozícií? Zapojte sa do nášho referenčného programu a získajte 200 EUR!
Odporučte známeho
Contact
Contact person: Alan Herian
E-mail:
Zoznam odvetví
Financie
Bankovníctvo
IT
Telco
Obchod
Marketing
Priemysel
Logistika
Administratíva
HR
Aktuálna
ponuka
Kontakt
Synergie Slovakia s.r.o.
Dunajská 4, 811 08 Bratislava
Tel: (+421) 2 54 41 55 22
Fax: (+421) 2 54 41 54 89
E-mail:
sandyou@sandyou.sk
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5190232
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.11.2025
2025-11-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Account Manager
,
IT Product Manager
,
IT Project Manager
,
Sales Manager
Spoločnosť:
S&you by SYNERGIE
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month