Professional, IT Systems
Yanfeng International Automotive Technology Slovakia s.r.o.
Miesto práce
Bratislava
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
1 700 EUR/mesiac
Informácie o pracovnom mieste
Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednosti
As IT Support professional, you are the contact person for our users, solving IT problems in our European offices & techcenter locations. Your work location will be Bratislava.
Tasks/Job description
On-site and remote support activities of employees and infrastructure in offices within the EU (focus on Slovakia, Germany and Italy)
Tracking and processing of support tickets until completion, as well as updating them as required
Support of Hardware and software – HP and Lenovo PCs/systems/applications/other peripherals/cell phones, including life-cycle process for the equipment
Asset management - responsible for the daily and long-term hardware management within the organization. This includes updating, planning, checking, working and recording hardware assets to ensure compliance with company rules.
Diagnosis and solution of infrastructure problems, development and implementation of corrective solutions
Support of the network environment in cooperation with our service partners
Cooperation, coordination and helping other departments/divisions
Focus on excellent customer service
Application of defined best practices and standards and the documentation of processes
In addition to the tasks mentioned above, other activities and responsibilities may be defined individually
Qualifications/requirements
Experience with end user support, desktop support, and technical skills around Windows OS & Office 365
Basic experience with Windows server management is an advantage
At least two year's professional experience in a similar role(above)
Good command of English spoken and written
Very good knowledge of the desktop environment and the current Microsoft operating systems and standards.
Experience in working with Windows environment, Active Directory structures and Asset management
Knowledge of network infrastructure and security
Distinct customer service orientation.
Ability to communicate relevant information in a user-friendly non-technical language.
Efficient workload prioritization even under heavy workloads and the ability to work independently.
Analytical and problem-solving skills
Experience of working in a team-oriented environment.
Microsoft certifications and experience with ITIL would be an advantage
Car driving license/ willing to travel on occasional basis
Benefits
Fully paid 6.60 EUR lunch voucher
Flexible Benefits (500 EUR/year)
Housing allowance (based on internal rules)
Language Courses (500 EUR/year)
Coffee Program
Wedding Allowance
Child Birth Allowance
Jubilee Allowance (personal jubilee)
Seniority bonus based on number of years at YFAI
5 days of extra vacation after 2 years at YFAI
Multisport card
Sphere Discount Card
Other discounts
Požiadavky na zamestnanca
Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelaním
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
Inzerujúca spoločnosť
Stručná charakteristika spoločnosti
Spoločnosť Yanfeng je popredným svetovým dodávateľom v oblasti automobilového priemyslu, ktorý sa zameriava na interiér, exteriér, sedadlá, elektroniku palubnej dosky, pasívnu bezpečnosť a aktívne skúma nové obchodné možnosti. Spoločnosť Yanfeng má po celom svete viac ako 240 pobočiek a približne 55 000 zamestnancov. Technický tím 4 200 odborníkov pôsobí v 8 výskumných a vývojových centrách a ďalších regionálnych pobočkách s kompletnými kapacitami vrátane inžinierskeho a softvérového vývoja, štylizácie a testovania. Spoločnosť Yanfeng sa zameriava na inteligentnú kabínu a ľahkú technológiu, čím podporuje výrobcov automobilov pri skúmaní budúcej mobility a poskytuje špičkové riešenia. Viac informácií nájdete na www.yfai.com alebo www.yanfeng.com.
Yanfeng is a leading global automotive supplier, focusing on interior, exterior, seating, cockpit electronics, and passive safety, and is exploring new business actively. Yanfeng has more than 240 locations and approximately 55,000 employees worldwide. The technical team of 4,200 experts is in 8 R&D centers and other regional offices, with complete capabilities including engineering and software development, styling, and test validation. Focusing on smart cabin and lightweight technology, Yanfeng supports automakers to explore future mobility and provide leading cabin solutions. For more information, please visit www.yfai.com or www.yanfeng.com.
Check our instagram page: @yanfengslovakia
Počet zamestnancov
1000 a viac zamestnancov
Yanfeng International Automotive Technology Slovakia s.r.o.
Twin City C, Mlynské Nivy 14, 821 09 Bratislava
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5190941
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.11.2025
2025-11-12
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Yanfeng International Automotive Technology Slovakia s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 700 EUR/mesiac