Senior DevOps / SRE Specialist
Avenga Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
2 200 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
This is us
​At Avenga, we believe that human creativity empowers technology that matters. Operating globally, our 6000+ specialists provide a full spectrum of services, including business and tech advisory, enterprise solutions, CX, UX and Ul design, managed services, product development, and software development.​
We are currently seeking an experienced specialist to join an international project for a global software company specializing in Treasury and Risk Management. The core product is a cloud-based (SaaS) platform that supports key financial processes and is trusted by leading global enterprises.
This is you
​
Hands-on experience with Kubernetes-based distributed platform services, including workflow orchestration, service mesh, or event streaming (experience with Temporal, Debeziumis a plus).
Expertise in TLS certificate automation for both Kubernetes and VM-based workloads.
Strong understanding of configuration management using schema-based languages (e.g.,KCL) and feature flag systems (e.g.,Launch Darkly, Flipt, Unleash).
Experience with claim-based infrastructure provisioning(e.g.,Crossplane, OPA policies).
Proficiency in GitOps-based continuous deployment processes.
Background in building Internal Developer Platforms (IDP)using tools such as Backstage,Port, orHumanitec.
Familiarity with Disaster Recovery (DR) mechanisms such as Point-in-Time Recovery for Oracle/PostgreSQL and NAS file systems.
This position does not require on-call duties.
This is your role
Build, maintain, and optimize a large-scale multi-tenant SaaS environment with enterprise-grade reliability (99.99% SLA).
Manage and scale infrastructure across multiple AWS regions and Kubernetes clusters.
Implement infrastructure as code using Terraform and automate deployments using GitOps principles.
Support and enhance internal developer platforms (IDP) to enable self-service capabilities.
Work on Day 2 operations of distributed systems (e.g., workflow orchestration, service mesh, event streaming).
Ensure security and reliability through automated TLS certificate management and configuration governance.
Collaborate across global teams to continuously improve platform observability, resilience, and automation.
Employee perks, benefits
What awaits you at Avenga?
Pleasant working environment and stable background in one of the largest software development companies in the EU
Space to work independently and creatively with the possibility to implement your own ideas and opportunities to learn new things and approaches
You have the opportunity to influence your direction in the company
High quality hardware and software, access to the latest technologies and specific projects
Opportunities to improve your language skills, we are a major global player
At Avenga, you'll get quality support in your development thanks to a wide range of internal and external training courses, so you can push the boundaries of your competences
We offer you benefits such as EN/DE/ES lessons, MultiSport card, sick days, meal allowance, lots of company events, office in Bratislava with quality equipment for sportsmen and lovers of food and coffee and more
The basic salary component from 2200 EUR gross per month - the exact amount of the salary depends on the actual knowledge and experience, qualifications and expertise of the candidate
W
e take pride in the diverse skills and character of our teams, welcoming everyone to apply and contribute to our collective strength
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Number of years of experience
8
Personality requirements and skills
​
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Sme globálna technologicko-poradenská spoločnosť, ktorá pomáha organizáciám riešiť zložité IT výzvy prostredníctvom inovatívnych a na mieru šitých digitálnych riešení.
S viac ako 6 000 odborníkmi po celom svete ponúkame komplexné portfólio služieb – či už ide o vývoj softvéru, analýzu, architektúru, projektový manažment, testovanie, oblasť kybernetickej bezpečnosti, návrh UX/UI, DevOps alebo iné pokročilé technologické poradenstvo.
Našimi klientmi sú firmy z rôznych odvetví vrátane bankovníctva, telekomunikácií, automobilového priemyslu, mobility a zdravotníctva. Spoločne s nimi realizujeme projekty zamerané okrem iného aj na využitie umelej inteligencie. Tá sa stala kľúčovým nástrojom pre moderné podniky, pretože umožňuje automatizáciu rutinných úloh, zvyšuje efektivitu, zlepšuje rozhodovacie procesy a poskytuje hlbší vhľad do správania zákazníkov.
Avenga je súčasťou technologického piliera medzinárodnej investičnej skupiny KKCG Group.
Pridajte sa k nám a rozvíjajte svoj potenciál a schopnosti v rámci našich medzinárodných projektov.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Jana Bednaříková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5190428
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.11.2025
2025-11-11
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
DevOps Engineer
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Avenga Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month