Backend Developer
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Place of work
: Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Wage (gross)
:
2 700 EUR/month
The salary in the job add is a minimal guaranteed base salary and can be higher - depending on the skills, level, education, professional experience, technological know-how.
Contract type
: full-time
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a Backend Developer to join our team developing Kistler's industrial IoT platform.
Your typical day:
Working in a software development team
Software architecture, design and development of C/C++, .Net applications
Contributing into the KiConnect Platform, a Kistler IoT communication platform based on the OCF specification
Analysis of requirements and design, implementing and testing software modules
Elaborate software requirements specifications for given topics
Taking responsibility for parts of the project (module, components)
Bugfixing
Supporting the team by creating professional software architecture and design
Applying Kistler methodology for professional software development
Leading new coworkers regarding the use of technology and methods (teaching, coaching)
Employee perks, benefits
The way we work
Hybrid working model – based on the agreement with your team lead. We trust that you know how to organize your time to stay productive
Regular performance review and career growth possibilities
A dynamic and challenging role in a global company
Collaborative and supportive team culture
Close collaboration with business drivers and key users
Support for ongoing professional development to expand your technical and professional knowledge
Health & Well-being
Electric stand-up desk and ergonomic chair
100% salary reimbursement for 10 days of sick leave
25 days of vacation for everybody
Recognition
Compensation of overtimes
Compensation of travelling time in case of business trip (extra allowance)
Flexible Benefit System - starting from 1000€ per year in the Benefit Plus portal - platform with thousands of suppliers of your choice, including Kistler specific offerings
Attractive referral bonus
Extra contribution in significant life events – weddings and childbirths, rehousing
Relocation bonus for employees who are moving because of Kistler (over 100 km)
Career & Development
Online English & German language courses
Library, Online Educational Portals: Pluralsight, Safari books, LeanPub, Egghead
Social life
Team-buildings, Company breakfast, Christmas Party, Grill Party, etc.
Football table and board games in the office
Extra benefits
Special offers and discounts (Metro cards, SND, Curaprox etc.)
Lunch tickets in amount of 8,00 EUR
Great coffee, tea, fresh fruit
Information about the selection process
Information about the selection process: Do you like it so far? Let us know, send us your CV. After receiving and reviewing your CV we will contact you for short telephone pre-screen. Following this, if successful, we will set up meeting with your future team leader for more detailed discussion about your experience and motivation and to answer your questions about company and work itself. The final stage of the hiring process is meeting with Head of Kistler Bratislava to get to know you better and align on the personal and position expectations. Our HR colleagues will be informing and guiding you through every step of this process. Good luck. We are looking forward to meeting you.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
12.12.2025
(there are still 25 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
Must Have:
Strong willingness to learn and continuously improve
Proficiency in C/C++, C#, and .NET frameworks
Experience working in Linux environments
3+ years of relevant professional experience in backend software development
Nice to Have:
Experience with software testing and test automation
Knowledge of Docker and containerization concepts
Familiarity with Python or Go (Golang)
Understanding of IoT systems and related technologies
Basic knowledge of networking principles
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Einsteinova 33
851 01 Bratislava, Slovakia
+421 948 377 105
, Natália Shalanová, HR Generalist
Kistler Holding AG
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5191193
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.11.2025
2025-11-12
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
,
C Programmer
,
C# Programmer
,
C++ Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month