About us
Open positions
Benefits
Contact
Plant Controlling Analyst
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary *
From 1 900 EUR/month
Contract type
full-time
* Of course, an overpayment is possible depending on the respective training, qualification and professional experience. The gross salary is based on these aforementioned criteria and is finally determined after the personal interview.
Henkel operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in two exciting business areas: Consumer Brands (Laundry & Home Care and Beauty Care) and Adhesive Technologies. Our success is built on constant innovation and people who strive for excellence. Working at Henkel is much more than just a job. It's a passion. Have you got what it takes?
Your role
Preparation of monthly performance reviews and contribute to the monthly closing activities
Ensure data quality for processing cost, volumes and other cost types are maintained properly
Create, maintain, and analyze product calculations and regularly review cost center accounting
Support investment projects with high focus on cost monitoring
Review variances periodically, ensure correct master data
Plan, monitor, forecast cost and performance indicators for the plants
Lead and guide to ensure consistent application of procedures are applied in the plant and align with Corporate Standards
Support in creating & calculating Controlling saving projects
Development of standardizations/automation proposals leveraging existing best practices in European plants
Support/drive standardization/automation including collaboration with plant and cluster controllers across Europe
Support ad-hoc requests for different plants and clusters
Your skills
Bachelor’s degree in the field of accounting, economics, business administration or similar
Min. 2-3 years experience in similar role is preferred
Plant controlling, product costing and reporting experience is an advantage
Strong communication skills in English – additional European language would be a plus
Very good SAP knowledge, MS Office knowledge, especially Excel. Power BI is considered a plus
Excellent analytical skills and understanding of financial data
Highly motivated team player with curious mind and can-do attitude
Experience with Standardization and Automation of processes is a plus
PLEASE SEND YOUR CV IN ENGLISH
Benefits we offer
Flexible work scheme with flexible hours, hybrid work model and up to 30 days per year for remote work abroad
Diverse national and international growth opportunities
Globally applicable well-being standards, including health and preventive care programs
Gender-neutral parental leave for a minimum of 8 weeks
Employee Share Plan with voluntary investment and Henkel matching shares
13th salary, incentives
Cafeteria benefit system, Multisport card
Henkel shop and Henkel nursery school
Extra paid days off for special events, referral and relocation bonus
#HenkelSlovensko
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5191150
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.11.2025
2025-11-12
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Controller
,
Database Analyst
,
Financial Analyst
,
Production Supervisor
Spoločnosť:
HENKEL SLOVENSKO, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 900 EUR/month