About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Quality Assurance Engineer / Tester
Place of work
Mlynské nivy 12, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 700 - 4 500 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between EUR 2,700 and EUR 4,500 per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers:​

the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, ​
the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience.​
In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits.​

Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Do you care deeply about how users perceive the quality of your applications? Do you have an eye for details and want to understand how the software created should meet the needs of the end user? We are looking for a motivated QA engineer who is ready to put automated API tests at the core of the testing process, complemented by manual testing when necessary, and ensure that quality gates are passed before deployments are approved for release.
About the Role
As a Quality Assurance Engineer, you'll be at the forefront of ensuring our insurance platforms meet the highest standards of functionality and performance. You'll collaborate with cross-functional teams to implement robust testing strategies that protect our users' experience and maintain the integrity of our systems.
Key Responsibilities
Collaborate closely with product owners, requirements engineers, and subject matter experts to understand insurance platform functionality
Develop comprehensive testing plans and gain deep understanding of operational processes inherent in the software
Create and maintain automated API tests using Postman Enterprise covering accuracy, performance, and load requirements
Implement quality gates to ensure thorough testing before approving deployments for release
Understand root cause analysis of production issues and enhance test case coverage accordingly
Stay current with emerging technologies and Generative AI developments to continuously improve testing efficiency
Drive the 'shift left' testing approach by focusing on API testing rather than UI testing to cover various business workflows and logic
About the Team
We are a team that believes in engineering excellence and that our leaders should also be engineers themselves. We build applications that are carefully designed, thoughtfully implemented, and surpass the expectations of our users by working hand-in-hand with product owners. Quality and stability are first-class deliverables in everything we do, and we lead by example by embedding high standards into our processes.
Employee perks, benefits
You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
You will be working in a hybrid setup (50:50), perfectly balancing work from home and the office premises (2-3 days per week).
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Personality requirements and skills
About You
You're a naturally curious and thoughtful professional who thrives in a high-performance engineering environment. You believe in continuous learning—whether through self-improvement or by absorbing knowledge from those around you—and you're excited to contribute to a team that values technical excellence and quality-first mindset.
We are looking for candidates who meet these requirements:
Strong knowledge of APIs and API testing methodologies
Previous experience in a Quality Assurance role with focus on automated testing
Experience with test automation tools, particularly Postman for API testing
Understanding of software development lifecycle and quality assurance processes
Ability to analyze complex systems and develop effective testing strategies
These are additional nice to haves:
Experience in the insurance or financial services industry
Knowledge of CI/CD pipelines and how testing integrates into automated deployment processes
Familiarity with performance testing tools and methodologies
Understanding of cloud-based application architectures
Experience with Agile development methodologies
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
1700 and more employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Hana Krcova
Apply here
ID:
5191764
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.11.2025
2025-11-13
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month