About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Change & Adoption Specialist
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 100 - 3 400 EUR/month
The specific salary offered considers: the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role and the applicant’s own profile including education/ qualifications, expertise, specialization, skills and experience. In addition to your base salary, you may be eligible for additional rewards and benefits including an attractive performance-based bonus.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the Role
Are you passionate about technology and driving its adoption across a broad range of stakeholders with various tech confidence? If yes, we are looking for a highly motivated Sales Adoption & Learning Lead to take our tools and analytics products to new heights! Whilst the Origination Platforms & Analytics team is part of P&C Re business unit, we have a global mandate to enable all three Reinsurance business units (P&C, L&H and Solutions) and closely collaborate with Group Functions and Corporate Solutions. With this role you are at the forefront of Swiss Re's 2025 Group priorities increasing data and tool adoption in Sales & Origination.
As the Sales Adoption & Learning Lead you will have four distinct areas of responsibilities:
1. Increase awareness and adoption of Sales and Origination tools and analytics
• Independently develop and execute adoption and engagement plans and activities to achieve system and analytics adoption and awareness.
• Define and implement new mechanisms for measuring impact and adoption, optimize for improvement, and surface insights for system development and prioritization.
2. Educate on Sales and Marketing processes and products
• Develop and maintain all training content related to our system, process and analytics implementation, providing users with basic to advanced knowledge on a variety of topics and concepts – storyboarded in a way that drives effective engagement with the content by a variety of user personas.
• Lead, create and effectively deliver a variety of training delivery modalities including instructor led classroom learning, web-based/virtual learning, or online self-directed learning in relation to Origination processes, platforms and analytics.
3. Promote collaboration and community
• Mobilize change champions and user advocates who can drive engagement and share success stories within their regions or teams.
• Partner with business leaders and product owners to craft messaging that highlights the value of digital tools and new ways of working.
• Promote and position the Origination Platforms & Analytics team as well as P&C Enabling team.
About the Team
You will be part of a high-performing team with very diverse skillsets and expertise across multiple locations. Together, we are the trusted advisor and partner for the Reinsurance business in relation to the origination landscape and analytics thereby are a core element of our digital transformation that enables and accelerates transformation to a performance driven Origination organization. We act as the product owners of several platforms such as Reinsurance Customer Relationship Management tool and Seismic and analytics offerings therefore are the interface between IT, business departments and external service providers. We ensure that Sales and Marketing tools are used optimally, and data is maintained accurately and leveraged to its utmost potential to drive decisions.
Employee perks, benefits
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
Join Swiss Re and you will join a company awarded with the Via Bona Responsible Large Company Award (1st place) and the Healthy Company Award (3rd place) in 2022.
We are looking forward to your application!
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
About You
• 5+ years of change management experience, proven track record in increasing adoption of tools in a comparable environment and increasing positioning/awareness of tool and team.
• Experienced in developing and delivering training and adoption within a financial services set-up, experience in Re/Insurance is a distinct advantage.
• Self-starter, able to identify opportunities, connect with relevant stakeholders and independently drive things from ideation to conclusion.
• Enthusiasm for Technology and innovation and supporting non-technical colleagues with a broad range of tech confidence and competence on Origination best practices.
• High level of interpersonal, negotiation, consultation, oral and written communication skills with a diverse range of stakeholders to achieve tangible improvements in training and adoption
• Strong customer focus, able to work under stress and handle multiple priorities. You have a strong track record of delivering work independently and with minimum supervision.
• You are fluent in English; proficiency in other languages is an asset.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
1700 and more employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Maros Gal
Apply here
ID:
5191768
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.11.2025
2025-11-13
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
,
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 100 EUR/month