Data Manager
Place of work
Nivy Tower, Mlynské nivy, Ružinov, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards
2 100 EUR/month
Position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Key Accountabilities:
Update platform to reflect additions and changes to building layouts and occupancy; ensure accuracy of input by
undertaking verification activities with other personnel and clients.
Ensure space standards and business rules are followed and policed.
Provide reports and analysis using the platform to support contract deliverables.
Work to meet project commitments related to time constraints on deliverables and quality expectations.
Distribute templates to associated individuals to capture changes, and manage the timely return of these templates,
including implementing escalation processes where applicable.
Seek and implement continuous improvement opportunities that improve efficiency and benefit clients and other team
members; keep abreast of technology changes and training requirements related to the role.
Administers platform users and their access rights
We value all candidates, however we will contact only those who meet criteria.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Skills/Experience:
•	Strong comprehension of industry standards in space management.
•	High attention to detail.
•	Effective analytical and problem solving skills.
•	Previous knowledge of any space management platforms preferred (Manhattan, Archibus, Tririga, Planon, etc.)
•	Experience with Alteryx (or similar tools) is not essential but is a significant benefit.
•	Effective interpersonal skills, especially communication. (verbal / written)
•	Strong planning and organizing skills.
•	Proficient in use of software especially MS Office applications.
•	Business English on advanced level, other foreign language is a benefit.
•	Over 1 year’s demonstrable experience in branch or comparable business.
Benefits
Well-being
Lunch e-vouchers / Financial meal contribution
Bonus lunch vouchers / Bonus financial allowance
Refreshment for employees
Fresh fruit
Wellness Day
Multisport Program
Employee Assistant Program
Spectrum Life Program
Friendly working environment
Home Office & Flexible Working Time
Company events - Team buildings, Sport Days, Christmas party
Days off - Childbirth, 1st Day at School
Volunteering Days off
Extra Vacation
Bonus perks
Educational Contribution
Cafeteria Benefit System
Contribution to III.pillar from the employer side
Life Occasion Bonus (Marriage, Childbirth)
Age Anniversary Bonus
Long Service Awards
Referral Bonus
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Monika Rajkovičová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5191501
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.11.2025
2025-11-13
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Administrator
,
Database Analyst
Spoločnosť:
CBRE Global Workplace Solutions s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 100 EUR/month