Test Automation Engineer with German language
IT-Impulse s. r. o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 3 500 EUR/month
The final offer for the selected candidate will depend on the degree of responsibility, skill and previous work experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a Test Automation Engineer to join our team.
Requirements:
•	Several years of experience in the field of
test automation
in software development, either for
Windows applications
or from the
web domain
.
•	An understanding of the
architecture and maintainability
of test cases and test suites.
• Be able to produce
technically clean and well-documented test cases
that are also
maintainable
.
•	Ideally, experience with the software
QFTest
.
• Experience in scripting.
• Structured working style,
Software:
Jenkins, Git, Jira, QF-Test (or similar), TestRail (optional)
Programming languages:
JavaScript, Python, Jython
​
Languages:
German + English IS A MUST.
Employee perks, benefits
​General:
​​• Long-term and stable work place, employment contract for an indefinite period
​​• Familiarity of a small sized firm and security and possibilities of a large company
​​• +5 extra days of vacation
​​• 3 sick days per month
​​• Contribution to 3rd pillar (individual pension savings): 1 - 2,5%
​​• Cafeteria bonus
​​• Employee referral program (up to 5.000 EUR per referral)
​​• Yearly performance and salary review
​​• Jubilee gifts
​​• Flexible working hours
​​• Remote work possibility
​​• Free language courses
​​Benefits available on-site:
​​• Comfortable and healthy work environment in a newly built, air-conditioned office space (5-7 workstations per office)
​​• Free bicycle garage
​​• Free parking space
​​• Free kindergarten during school holidays at the workplace
​​• Fruit days
​​• Stocked kitchen with free drinks (freshly roasted coffee)
​​• Free massages
​​• Monthly breakfast club​​
Information about the selection process
Please send us a curriculum vitae in English by e-mail and state the name of the position you are applying for.
We reserve the right to contact only those candidates who meet the requirements.
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Europe's leading provider of digital solutions for social housing industry.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
German - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
3
Personality requirements and skills
Software:
Jenkins, Git, Jira, QF-Test (or similar), TestRail (optional)
Programming languages:
JavaScript, Python, Jython
Strong analytical and conceptual skills.
Experience in the development of basic process flows.
Independent and structured way of working, customer and service orientation.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
IT-Impulse is the Software Engineering division of the international company JobImpulse GmbH with more than 9000 employees in 51 locations in 12 countries and acts as an intermediary between the IT software development department and highly qualified IT specialists on the job market.
The Slovak branch in Košice in its new headquarters with over 60 employees is looking for new colleagues for existing as well as newly created customer-dedicated teams.
http://www.it-impulse.net
https://www.facebook.com/ITImpulseSlovakia/
https://www.instagram.com/it_impulse/
https://www.linkedin.com/company/it-impulse/
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Tatiana Zabó
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5191215
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.11.2025
2025-11-13
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
IT-Impulse s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month