IT Systems Engineer
VISSIM s.r.o.
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
2 200 EUR/month
Final salary will be agreed based on candidate's experience and skills.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
​We are searching for an experienced
IT Systems Engineer
who is an expert in information technology who maintains digital networks, provides technical support, oversees upgrades, solves company-wide issues, implements security protocols and trains other employees.​
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Monitoring all systems to ensure they’re working correctly and efficiently.
Troubleshooting system inefficiencies and errors to maintain operational excellence.
Cooperation on managing budgets for IT projects and ensuring cost-effectiveness.
Supervising junior staff members and providing mentorship.
Collaborating with managers to determine system needs and implementing solutions.
Training employees and contributing to their professional growth.
Overseeing the development, installation, configuration, and administration of network and computer systems.
Managing project timelines, budgets, and documentation to ensure project success
Administrate Microsoft 365, Azure, Intune, Entra AD, Hyper V, and manage virtual machines.
Troubleshoot and resolve hardware, software, and network issues.
Install and configure software and hardware.
Manage user accounts and permissions.
Ensure security and privacy of systems and data.
Maintain accurate documentation of IT systems and procedures.
Provide technical support to staff.
Managing backup and recovery
Monitoring and capacity planning for servers
Digital asset management
KEY REQUIREMENTS
Education: University education - IT
A minimum of 5 to 7 years of experience within the field of systems engineering.
Experience in developing system infrastructure, monitoring systems for efficiency and correctness.
Experience with budget management for IT projects and ensuring cost-effectiveness.
Prior experience in supervising and mentoring junior staff members.
Collaboration with managers to determine system needs and implement solutions.
Experience in training employees and contributing to their professional growth.
Expertise in managing project timelines, budgets, and documentation.
English - C1 - written and spoken.
Employee perks, benefits
• Opportunity to work on our own products in a very unique domain - offshore energy
​• Flexible working hours and hybrid working model
​• Working in an environment where we continuously introduce the latest processes and approaches, to increase customer success as well as DX
​• Internal technical talks and mentoring
​• Personal development (1:1, internal coaching). We will help you to profile yourself according to your skills and motivation dynamically
​• Health package - height adjustable tables, ergonomic chairs, fruit
​• Benefit system tailored for each employee focused on well-being and development
​• Team-buildings and company events
​• Nice downtown office
​• Regular team breakfast, coffee and snacks
​• Financial contributions for home internet, III.pension pillar, for lifetime jubilees etc.
​• Loyalty bonus
​• Extra vacation and Birthday Off
​• Health Day, Sport Day, grill parties​
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT, technical
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
IT infrastructure - Advanced
Internal IT - Advanced
IT security - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
Minimum 5+ years´ experience in the same position.
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Prior experience in supervising and mentoring junior staff members.
Collaboration with managers to determine system needs and implementing solutions.
Experience in training new System Engineers and contributing to their professional growth.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Vissim s.r.o. is a subsidiary of Norway's Vissim AS, a leading market monitoring and traffic management company in ports, oil platforms, and surrounding wind farms. The main advantage of our software is that it can process large amounts of data, integrate and display it in real time for operator needs. In conjunction with the software, the company delivers comprehensive hardware for monitoring and communication. The best example is a project in the North Sea, where Vissim integrates 100 radars on 70 platforms along with AIS sensors and a communications network.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Petra Evinová
Tel.:
+421904222717
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5191917
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.11.2025
2025-11-13
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
VISSIM s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month