Software Delivery Manager
VISSIM s.r.o.
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
Final salary will be agreed based on experience and knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We're searching for Software Delivery Manager who will be responsible for overseeing software development projects from initiation to final delivery. The ideal candidate will be skilled at coordinating with technical teams and stakeholders, agile methodologies, ensuring that software projects are completed on schedule, within scope, and to the set quality standards.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Planning:
1. Define scope, objectives, and deliverables in collaboration with stakeholders.
2. Develop detailed plans to track progress.
3. Allocate and distribute resources based on requirements.
Team Coordination:
1. Lead and guide the software development team.
2. Ensure clear understanding of assignments, responsibilities, and deadlines among team members.
3. Conduct regular team meetings to discuss progress and resolve any issues.
Stakeholder Management:
1. Establish and maintain relationships with third parties/vendors.
2. Ensure effective and timely communication with all stakeholders, keeping them informed of progress, risks, and changes.
Risk Management:
1. Proactively identify potential risks.
2. Develop risk mitigation and contingency plans.
Quality Assurance:
1. Ensure software product adhere to quality standards.
2. Collaborate with the QA team to define and implement testing processes.
Budget Management:
1. Monitor expenses to ensure adherence to budget.
Reporting:
1. Measure development performance using appropriate systems, tools, and techniques.
2. Report and escalate issues to senior management as needed.
Continuous Improvement:
1. Review retrospective outcomes and identify lessons learned.
2. Recommend process improvements to optimize future software development.
Our values are based on principles as openness, tolerance and willingness to give and receive feedback.
We care a lot about our people and we support them.
We work on our own products and the quality of our products is very important to us.
Your goal will be to be a team player who shares the same values with us.
KEY REQUIREMENTS
Education:
University education - IT
Experience:
Minimum 2 years´ of experience in SW development as Project manager.
Experience in IT project management.
Knowledge of agile methodologies as Scrum, Kanban etc.
Skills:
Proven managerial skills.
Decision making and self-organization.
Structured and good in communication.
Capability for data driven decision making.
Fluent English.
Employee perks, benefits
​• Opportunity to work on our own products in a very unique domain - offshore energy
​• Flexible working hours and hybrid working model
​• Working in an environment where we continuously introduce the latest processes and approaches, to increase customer success as well as DX
​• Internal technical talks and mentoring (code reviews, pair programming, shadowing...)
​• Personal development (1:1, internal coaching). We will help you to profile yourself according to your skills and motivation dynamically
​• Books and materials you need for your education and development
​• Health package - height adjustable tables, ergonomic chairs, fruit
​• Benefit system tailored for each employee focused on well-being and development
​• Team-buildings and company retreats
​• Nice new downtown office
​• Regular team breakfast, coffee and snacks
​• Financial contributions for home internet, III.pension pillar, for lifetime jubilees etc.
​• Loyalty bonus
​• Extra vacation and Birthday Off
​• Health Day, Sport Day, grill parties​
Information about the selection process
You can find more information about Vissim, products and open positions on vissim.no.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT, technical
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
IT Project Management - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
min. 2 years of experience in SW development as Project Manager
Number of years of experience
2
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Vissim s.r.o. is a subsidiary of Norway's Vissim AS, a leading market monitoring and traffic management company in ports, oil platforms, and surrounding wind farms. The main advantage of our software is that it can process large amounts of data, integrate and display it in real time for operator needs. In conjunction with the software, the company delivers comprehensive hardware for monitoring and communication. The best example is a project in the North Sea, where Vissim integrates 100 radars on 70 platforms along with AIS sensors and a communications network.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Petra Evinová
Tel.:
+421904222717
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5191940
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.11.2025
2025-11-13
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
,
IT Project Manager
,
Technical Manager
Spoločnosť:
VISSIM s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month