Java Software Engineer (senior/medior)
NATEK SLOVAKIA, s.r.o.
Place of work
Košice
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
1.2.2026
Wage (gross)
2 000 EUR/month
The exact salary will be adjusted according to experience and seniority level.

full-time employment: from 2000 EUR gross per month
freelance contract: from 140 EUR MD rate
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
​We are looking for
experienced Java Software Engineers
at
medior and senior levels
to join our client's team and contribute to the development and operation of a modern Manufacturing Execution System (MES). This role is an exciting opportunity to be part of a greenfield project, building digital solutions that support the transition to sustainable and smart manufacturing.​
What You’ll Do
Develop and maintain backend functionalities for MES, ERP, or similar systems using Java.
Take end-to-end responsibility for local system and application operations, ensuring availability, scalability, and reliability.
Analyze user requirements and translate them into functional technical specifications.
Ensure operational stability of critical digital solutions.
Oversee software testing (UAT), rollout planning, deployment, and handover to support teams.
Troubleshoot incidents, resolve problems, and continuously improve system performance.
Share knowledge, mentor colleagues, and support training of engineers.
Employee perks, benefits
Internal Mobility Program – enjoy many opportunities for career growth, job rotations, diversity of projects & technologies
International, diverse, and inclusive working environment – get experience in global projects for worldwide leaders and enjoy multinational teams
Referral Program – enjoy cooperation with your colleagues and get the bonus
5/10 years NATEK club – we offer long-term cooperation and celebrate each fifth-year cooperation anniversary with gifts
NATEK CSR Events & team buildings – enjoy our values: accountability, partnership and expertise and #workITwithus
Education – benefit from our know-how, learning courses and certificates and IT events – be part of community of leaders of the industry and take part as a speaker or a visitor
Bonuses for Personal Events – we congratulate you on important events of your life: giving birth to children, university graduation, etc.
Benefit Plus (Cafeteria) – use our e-shop with corporate benefits like travel, theatre tickets, books etc.
Multisport Club Card
Technical and Personal training – we are investing in your skills growth
Language courses
1 paid day off for volunteering – we are supportive of all charity ideas
Meal contribution directly to your account
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Java - Advanced
Relational Databases - Advanced
Container Orchestration - Skillful
Frontend Frameworks - Basic
Azure DevOps - Advanced
REST API development & integration - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
3
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
​
Several years of backend Java software engineering experience in an international environment.
Hands-on experience with tools such as Azure DevOps, Git (or similar).
University degree in Computer Science, IT, or related field (certifications such as Oracle Java Programmer, MS Certified AZ/SC, etc. are a plus).
Technical expertise in:
Relational databases (Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server)
Container orchestration(OpenShift)
Java frameworks (Spring, Spring Boot, Spring WebFlux)
Messaging tools (MQ, Kafka)
Frontend frameworks (Angular; React knowledge is an advantage)
Understanding of ITIL processes, system monitoring, and troubleshooting.
Strong communication skills in English and Slovak (B2).
Ability to work effectively in multinational teams, manage multiple tasks, and adapt to a dynamic environment.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Join one of the most sought-after companies that specialize in IT outsourcing business.
Building on our shared company values – accountability, expertise and partnership - NATEK's mission is to deliver high quality IT outsourcing and consulting services in the CEE region. Since 2004, our employees have been participating projects for our partners from all over the world   in the most important sectors, including finance and insurance, telecommunications, and IT infrastructure. NATEK has offices in Poland, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic and Slovakia, and thanks to a team of over 700 experts, including project managers, programmers and administrators, we are able to effectively support our partners.
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Laura Horvathova
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5192144
Dátum zverejnenia:
14.11.2025
2025-11-14
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Java Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
NATEK SLOVAKIA, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month