Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
part-time, internship, work experience
Ponúkaná mzda (brutto)
From 7,1 EUR/hour
Data Science | ML Engineering  internship
Orientačná celková mzda (brutto)
From 7,1 EUR/hour
At Dell Technologies, we are always looking for the next generation of innovative thinkers to drive our business forward. As an intern, you will have the opportunity to work on meaningful projects, partner with professionals across the globe while gaining knowledge about our business. Our mission is to enable the future generation of professionals to create strong networks, achieve critical experiences, and develop core skills that position you for career success.
Join us to do the best work of your career and make a profound impact as a
Data Science | ML Engineering intern
on our
Demand Intelligence Team
in
Bratislava
as part of our
Demand Intelligence
group.
The Demand Intelligence team’s mission is to drive business growth by keeping our customers at the center. Our team uses data, fueled by Generative AI and Machine Learning to listen, understand and act so we can give our customers what they want – while growing Marketing’s contribution to the business.
What you’ll achieve:
You will collaborate with other Gen AI engineers, ML engineers, Data Scientists and our marketing partners to participate in building intelligent solutions that transform how we engage with customers.  You will be part of a high-impact initiative leveraging Agentic AI and LLMs to deliver personalized guidance to our sales teams – empowering them to connect our customers with the right solutions.
You will:
Support the development of prompt and agentic workflows, machine learning models, and automation experiments by collaborating with experienced team members. Contribute to building insights dashboards and learn about deploying models and workflows to production environments.
Assist in creating scalable solutions that span multiple geographies, while learning how to balance performance and customer experience in real-world applications.
Work closely with industry-leading professionals in a collaborative environment, gaining hands-on experience and mentorship to help you grow and explore your own path.
Explore open-source technologies and contribute to innovative, scalable solutions. Be encouraged to think creatively and flexibly as you apply AI/ML methodologies to real-world problem statements.
Contribute to improving algorithms and enhancing customer experience, learning how to deliver the right product, message, and timing through data-driven insights and experimentation.
Essential Requirements
Daily University student in the field of Artificial Intelligence, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or other related areas.
Knowledge of predictive modeling and / or Agentic AI, LLMs.
Knowledge of Python and SQL (especially on data wrangling, analysis, and modeling) plus code versioning tools like Git.
Problem solving, analytic skills, and written and oral English communication skills
Curiosity and interest in Gen AI, LLMs, NLP
Desirable Requirements
Familiarity with State Of The Art techniques and models in the AI space & with standard ML methods (linear / logistic regressions, nearest neighbors, k-means, DB scan, collaborative filtering, random forests, xgboost, light gbm, SVM, neural networks, deep neural networks, deep belief networks).
Plus is former data engineering experience (using PostgreSQL, PySpark, Airflow,..), or experience with MLOps tools (Docker, Pdman, Kubernetes, MLflow), or Full Stack SW Engineering experience
Starting salary from:
7.10 eur / hourly
Who we are
We believe that each of us has the power to make an impact. That’s why we put our team members at the center of everything we do. If you’re looking for an opportunity to grow your career with some of the best minds and most advanced tech in the industry, we’re looking for you.
Dell Technologies is a unique family of businesses that helps individuals and organizations transform how they work, live and play. Join us to build a future that works for everyone because Progress Takes All of Us.
Application closing date:
31st January 2026
Dell Technologies is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Read the full Equal Employment Opportunity Policy here.
Job ID:
R271096
Benefity
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5192950
Dátum zverejnenia:
18.12.2025
2025-12-18
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Service Engineer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Dell Technologies
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
7,1 EUR/hour