Senior Test Developer
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Place of work
: Einsteinova 33, Petržalka
Wage (gross)
:
3 300 EUR/month
The salary in the job add is a minimal guaranteed base salary and can be higher - depending on the skills, level, education, professional experience, technological know-how.
Contract type
: full-time
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Design, develop, and maintain comprehensive test cases and test suites based on requirements and use cases.
Plan and execute manual and automated tests to verify functionality, performance, and stability.
Collaborate closely with the Product Owner, Software Developers, and System Architects to define and implement effective testing strategies.
Establish, configure, and maintain test environments.
Develop and maintain test automation frameworks and libraries.
Report and track defects, verify fixes, and ensure compliance with quality standards.
Provide feedback on requirement quality, testability, and acceptance criteria.
Ensure alignment with non-functional requirements, including performance, stability, and error handling.
Prepare and maintain test documentation such as test plans and reports in accordance with corporate guidelines.
Communicate test progress, coverage, and results to the Product Owner or Test Manager.
Support knowledge sharing by maintaining onboarding materials and mentoring new team members in DAQ ART testing practices.
Employee perks, benefits
The way we work
Hybrid working model – based on the agreement with your team lead. We trust that you know how to organize your time to stay productive
Regular performance review and career growth possibilities
A dynamic and challenging role in a global company
Collaborative and supportive team culture
Close collaboration with business drivers and key users
Support for ongoing professional development to expand your technical and professional knowledge
Health & Well-being
Electric stand-up desk and ergonomic chair
100% salary reimbursement for 10 days of sick leave
25 days of vacation for everybody
Recognition
Compensation of overtimes
Compensation of travelling time in case of business trip (extra allowance)
Flexible Benefit System - starting from 1000€ per year in the Benefit Plus portal - platform with thousands of suppliers of your choice, including Kistler specific offerings
Attractive referral bonus
Extra contribution in significant life events – weddings and childbirths, rehousing
Relocation bonus for employees who are moving because of Kistler (over 100 km)
Career & Development
Online English & German language courses
Library, Online Educational Portals: Pluralsight, Safari books, LeanPub, Egghead
Social life
Team-buildings, Company breakfast, Christmas Party, Grill Party, etc.
Football table and board games in the office
Extra benefits
Special offers and discounts (Metro cards, SND, Curaprox etc.)
Lunch tickets in amount of 8,00 EUR
Great coffee, tea, fresh fruit
Information about the selection process
Do you like it so far? Let us know, send us your CV. After receiving and reviewing your CV we will contact you for short telephone pre-screen. Following this, if successful, we will set up meeting with your future team leader and one of our technical specialist for more detailed discussion about your experience and motivation and to answer your questions about company and project itself. The final stage of the hiring process is meeting with head of Kistler Bratislava to get to know you better and align on the personal and position expectations. Our HR colleagues will be informing and guiding you through every step of this process. Good luck. We are looking forward to meeting you.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
14.12.2025
(there are still 27 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
Must have
Proficiency in at least one object-oriented programming or scripting language.
Experience in test automation using standard interfaces such as REST API.
Experience with UI testing for desktop and/or web applications.
Motivation to work in a complex .NET development and testing environment.
Experience with development and testing in Windows environments.
Familiarity with version control systems such as Git or SVN.
Hands-on experience in Agile software development processes.
Strong analytical thinking, problem-solving, and adaptability to complex systems
Nice to have
Experience with software development under Linux.
Basic knowledge of networking principles.
Familiarity with the UIA3 automation framework.
Basic understanding of signal processing and data acquisition systems
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Einsteinova 33
851 01 Bratislava, Slovakia
+421 948 377 105
, Natália Shalanová, HR Generalist
Kistler Holding AG
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5192599
Dátum zverejnenia:
14.11.2025
2025-11-14
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 300 EUR/month