Unleash
Your
Power
About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Solution Architect
Apply Now
Date posted:
14.11.2025
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 3 850 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is € 3850 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
At Takeda’s ICC we Unite in Diversity
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive and collaborative workplace, where individuals are recognized for their backgrounds and the abilities they bring to our company. We are continuously improving our collaborators’ journey in Takeda, and we welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our diverse team.
The Opportunity
As a Solution Architect, you will be responsible for advising and contributing to Takeda’s Enterprise Architecture (EA), collaborating with business and technology leaders to deliver solution architecture aligned with strategic roadmaps. You will develop and evolve architecture strategies and roadmaps, using capability models to guide IT investments. As a domain expert, you will represent requirements within EA and track emerging technologies to foster innovation. You will also ensure alignment with global IT standards and EA Guiding Principles for effective technology delivery.
Responsibilities:
•	Represent assigned functional areas in Enterprise Architecture (EA) forums, ensuring alignment with central standards and driving simplification, application rationalization, and cost reduction for “One Takeda.”
•	Lead the delivery of EA services, including creating strategies, roadmaps, standards, and reference architectures, while actively participating in Architecture Domain Teams and Communities of Practice.
•	Govern technology introduction and standardization in your domain, balancing operational improvements with fostering innovation and value realization.
•	Guide the use of business capability and technology reference models, influence architecture governance, and drive the development of impactful business and technology capabilities.
•	Serve as a bridge between EA and business/IT stakeholders, providing trusted advice, monitoring technology trends, and optimizing investments to maximize business outcomes.
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high-end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to bit.ly/icc-bts-benefits
- Cafeteria
- Medical - High standard medical care
- Bridge days
- Summer Hours
- Multisport Card
Your application and any and all conversations that occur with the recruiter, HR, and the hiring manager as part of that application will be treated in the strictest confidence.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
•	A BA or BS degree in Information Technology or a related field.
•	5+ years of significant business and/or technology background experience.
•	3+ years of experience in strategic planning and/or business analysis.
•	Cloud solution architecture experience.
•	Knowledge of business ecosystems, SaaS, infrastructure as a service (IaaS), platform as a service (PaaS), SOA, APIs, open data, microservices, event-driven IT or predictive analytics.
•	Ability to define and communicate compelling, business-enabling technology vision and the business value of this vision, along with actionable roadmaps to achieve target state architecture across people, process, and technology dimensions.
•	Experience in working with challenging customers who have a high degree of technical sophistication.
•	Demonstrated proficiency in leading and influencing cross-functional teams. Able to gain buy-in and promote shared ownership of projects.
•	Master of the art of change management through effective communication, planning, and execution.
•	Ability to work with significant autonomy of decision-making and self-direction to drive leading business and IT outcomes while remaining aligned to the evolving Takeda Enterprise Architecture target state architecture.
•	Ability to multi-task with a sense of urgency, while taking a rigorous, structured approach.
•	Proven ability to lead technology-driven innovation, taking smart risks, driving small experiments to mitigate risks, and solving emergent problems.
•	Fluency in English
Preferred requirements
•	Experience with a global pharmaceutical company.
•	Experience in a highly regulated industry.
•	Experience working in Research and Development.
•	Experience working with scientists in a research setting.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5192635
Dátum zverejnenia:
14.11.2025
2025-11-14
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Architect
,
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 850 EUR/month