IT Cloud support - Internship
Epicor Software, Slovakia
Place of work
Žižkova, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
internship, work experience
Start date
July/August
Wage (gross)
800 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As an IT Support Intern, you will assist and provide technical support responding to client issues, doing effective troubleshooting, providing solutions to non-routine issues, and customer notification or escalation as necessary.
What you’ll do:
· Provide support and solutions to customers with technical problems, applications, and information technology issues.
· Use an IT Service Management or ticketing system to manage incidents and service requests.
· Diagnose non-routine hardware and software problems and replace defective components.
· Escalates incidents, service tickets and requirements to meet business objectives.
· Ensure problems are being identified, addressed and resolved in a timely manner.
· Provide case status updates to management and end users.
· Use analytical skills to resolve non-routine issues.
What you’ll need to succeed:
· Ability to complete and maintain basic work and project records.
· Working as part of the team.
· Ability to identify and seek needed information / research skills.
· Problem Solving skills
· Good verbal communication skills with English Language
Employee perks, benefits
Great opportunity for final year students.
After completing studies and internship, there is a possibility of full-time work.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
About Us:
Epicor Software is a global technology leader dedicated to helping businesses drive growth for more than 50 years. Our modern, industry-specific software helps customers boost efficiency and productivity by simplifying and automating everyday processes. We have a stellar team of nearly 5,000 worldwide employees, who are passionate about building exceptional products and solutions through teamwork, constant innovation, and integrity. We strive to hire and reward star players, who inspire one another and drive results for the business and our customers.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Alena Jelinkova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5192109
Dátum zverejnenia:
14.11.2025
2025-11-14
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Epicor Software, Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
800 EUR/month