Unleash
Your
Power
About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Senior Salesforce Engineer
Apply Now
Date posted:
14.11.2025
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 3 850 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is €3850 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Senior Salesforce Engineer
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our new Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia. In this role at our state-of-the-art center, you will have the opportunity to grow your skills and create solutions that will benefit patients around the world. Become the heart of our internal innovation engine.
At Takeda we unite in diversity
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive workplace, where individuals are recognized for the diverse backgrounds and abilities they bring to our company. We are continually improving workplace experience and accessibility for everyone, and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our Team.
The Opportunity
As a Senior Salesforce Engineer, you’ll be at the forefront of Takeda’s digital transformation — turning complex challenges into scalable, intelligent solutions that make a difference.
•	Design and build Salesforce Health Cloud, Life Sciences Cloud, and Agentforce solutions, including custom apps, integrations, and data models that support key business goals.
•	Leverage Data Cloud (optional) for advanced analytics, data harmonisation, and real-time insights.
•	Innovate with Salesforce AI (Einstein, predictive analytics, generative AI, etc.) to drive automation, personalisation, and intelligent decision-making.
•	Apply Agile practices and modern Salesforce development tools (Apex, Lightning Web Components, Flows, etc.) to deliver impactful solutions quickly and efficiently.
•	Collaborate across disciplines — working with business stakeholders, architects, and engineers — to design and implement user-centric, compliant solutions that meet regulatory requirements (e.g., HIPAA, GxP).
•	Ensure quality and reliability through rigorous testing, continuous integration, and governance using Copado, Salesforce DX, and CI/CD pipelines.
•	Champion innovation by contributing fresh ideas, sharing best practices, and mentoring team members.
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to our Benefits page (button above).
• Cafeteria
• Medical - High standard medical care
• Bridge days
• Summer Hours
• Multisport Card
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Skills and Qualifications
•	Deep expertise in Salesforce Health Cloud or Life Sciences Cloud and the Agentforce platform, including configuration, customisation, and integration.
•	Experience with Salesforce Data Cloud (optional), including data ingestion, harmonisation, and analytics.
•	Solid understanding of Salesforce AI (Einstein, predictive analytics, generative AI, conversational bots, etc.).
•	Hands-on experience with Apex, Lightning Web Components, SOQL, and Salesforce APIs.
•	Strong knowledge of healthcare and life sciences processes, compliance standards, and data privacy regulations.
•	Proven experience with Agile methodologies and Salesforce project delivery in complex environments.
•	Advanced proficiency across the Salesforce SDLC, including testing, deployment, and release management.
•	Strong problem-solving skills with the ability to debug, optimise, and innovate across multiple Salesforce domains.
•	Experience with integration technologies (e.g., MuleSoft, REST/SOAP APIs, HL7/FHIR) and data migration.
•	Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with a passion for working across both technical and business teams.
•	A proactive, curious, and self-motivated mindset — someone who enjoys learning, sharing knowledge, and driving continuous improvement.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5192638
Dátum zverejnenia:
14.11.2025
2025-11-14
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Frontend developer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 850 EUR/month