Senior Web developer - Touch UI interface and infrastructure
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
3 000 EUR/month
From 3000+VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
At Siemens Healthineers we pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. In our Advanced Therapies business, we deliver state-of-the-art, image-guided therapy systems that enable minimally invasive vascular procedures worldwide.
Project target is to build Touch UI infrastructure and tablet application that is used at angiography systems. It contains front-end and back-end part. Application allows to manipulate angiography system and use it for setup and examination of patient during operation.
We are looking for developer with several year experience in software development in ASP.NET and ideally in C#. Somebody with experience in agile development and Scrum method. Candidate ideally with deeper and advanced knowledge in architectural design practices and in common SW design patterns. Candidate doesn’t need to cover complete list of technologies mentioned below.
Your Responsibilities
Design, develop and maintain C# / ASP.NET Core application for the CD platform
Implement and refine frontends in Angular
Package and operate components using Docker
Write clean, testable, well-documented code and participate in peer reviews
Collaborate with architecture, quality, cybersecurity and field-service teams
Contribute to incremental process improvements
Your Profile
Technical background:
Angular, Typescript, HTML, CSS, Javascript
ASP.Net Core, C#, Node.js, SQL​
TCP/IP, REST, Websocket, SignalR, JSON​
nUnit, Gherkhin
GIT, AzureDevops​
Windows Installer, Windows Services​
TDD, Pair programing, Scrum
UML and Design patterns
Good to have experiences with:
Azure DevOps, Pipelines, yaml, Static code analyzers, SonarQube​
Powershell scripts​
DICOM​
Linux​
Virtual machines and Containers​
Medical software development​
Scrum/Agile/SAFe​
Personal Qualities:
Clear, constructive communication in English (German is a plus)
Continuous-learning mindset and willingness to share knowledge
High sense of responsibility and reliability in a safety-critical domain
Readiness to own “chores” such as documentation, test maintenance and infrastructure hygiene
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards:
starting from 3000 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably.
Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of telework and work from office
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Counseling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5192392
Dátum zverejnenia:
14.11.2025
2025-11-14
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Web Designer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month