Penetration Tester
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 2 500 EUR/month
From 2500 + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a motivated and dedicated Penetration tester / Ethical Hacker to join our team of cyber security experts in the Healthcare sector. This is a unique opportunity for a technical, hands-on person to grow with the business and play a pivotal role in the growth and leadership of the team.
We are looking for a motivated and dedicated Penetration tester / Ethical Hacker to join our team of cyber security experts in the Healthcare sector. This is a unique opportunity for a technical, hands-on person to grow with the business and play a pivotal role in the growth and leadership of the team.
Your responsibilities will be the following:
You join a team of offensive security testers and lead penetration tests and security assessments on internal and external networks, Windows and Linux environments, cloud (AWS and Azure) architecture, IoT, healthcare devices, and more.
You conduct scans, penetration tests and source code analysis of web applications.
You identify and exploit security vulnerabilities to demonstrate their impact on the environment and business.
You join authorized hacking engagements that simulate real-world attack techniques to gain initial access, pivot across systems and networks, and exfiltrate data.
You write comprehensive and accurate reports for both technical and executive audiences.
Education & skills :
Education
Master's degree in Computer Science (or related field) or equivalent work experience in the relevant field.
Language
English – advanced (B2)
Professional skills
Ability to clearly communicate and present technical topics
Good analytical and problem-solving skills
Passion for learning new technologies
Team player with ability to work independently
Advanced interpersonal, verbal and written communications skills
Ability to communicate and present technical and business topics
Ability to multitask, manage time effectively and prioritize tasks
Result oriented
Self-motivated and creative
Knowledge of the following areas is essential:
Port scanners, vulnerability scanners, exploitation frameworks.
Networking and network protocols.
Enumeration techniques.
Web application manual and automatic testing (incl. OWASP, NIST ).
Active Directory.
Windows and Linux access controls and administration.
Authentication and Authorization models.
Cloud (Azure and AWS).
Experience with databases (MS SQL, Oracle DB, PostgreSQL, MySQL).
High level understanding of the following concepts:
Threat modeling and risk assessment.
Web server administration.
Penetration testing processes, procedures, legal agreements, and reporting requirements.
Post exploitation techniques.
Nice to have:
Certifications such as, OSCP, OSCE, AWAE, CISCO CCNA, CISCO CCNP, CREST CRT, GIAC (GXPN, GWAPT, GPEN, GMOB).
Bug hunting experience
CVE
Experience with SCRUM/KANBAN
Experience with leading small teams
LaTeX
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards:
starting from 2 500 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of work from home & work from office(telework / homeoffice)
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Multisport Card – employer's contribution of 10 EUR
Recognition and Reward program
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5192151
Dátum zverejnenia:
14.11.2025
2025-11-14
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month