ri-rpc.sk
Leading provider
of innovative and
reliable card
services
About us
System Operation Specialist / Špecialista systémovej prevádzky
Place of work
Námestie Mateja Korvína 1, 811 07 Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 700 EUR/month
minimum 1700€ + fix allowances twice a year + bonus
About the role
Become part of the team supporting the card management system for Raiffeisen banks in CEE.
Are you able to act fast and find root cause of every type of interruptions? Do you have some experience with UNIX and SQL databases? If you would like to grow and develop your career by using your knowledge of all applications, then join our Application support team.
You will:
• Performs monitoring of  two CMS platforms and associated applications, provides support according to agreed conditions in SLA with emphasis on the required availability, reliability, safety and performance of the environment.
Performs Dev/test/UAT/PreProd/Prod environment support.
Performs monitoring of the production environment.
Provides support on patching activities.
Performs operation tasks - incident resolution, refreshes and upgrades of environments, support of testing environments.
Analysis of data from zabbix, graphana, kibana monitoring tools.
Creates and maintains operational documentation.
Communicates with card companies and partner banks in monitoring the system, preventing and resolving incidents.
Deploys and implements changes to environments.
What qualifications are important for this job
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Personality requirements and skills
Some experience in SQL and UNIX is needed
- Team player
- Analytical and structured thinking
- Resistance to stress
- English - on communicative level
- Willingness to learn and work in shifts:
- 8:00 - 20:00
- 20:00 - 8:00
Perks and benefits
Be in the middle of innovative payment technologies and delivering unique pioneering solutions within Raiffeisen Bank International Group in CEE. Develop your career and upgrade your potential within the RPC company.
Flexible home office and flexible working time
Extra days off: vacation plus, birthday day off and sick days
Multisport program
Sports facilities for employees: yoga, swimming and ice arena
24/7 psychological helpline and sessions with professional counselors
Health care allowance
Development through internal and external trainings
Free coffee and tea at the workplace and regular fruit days
Office events, sports day, summer party and regular webinars
Cafeteria benefits system to choose benefit of your preference
Loyalty reward
Transportation allowance
Supplementary Pension plan contribution
Bike room and showers in the office
Who we are
Established in 2000 as a division of Tatra banka, RPC is a shared service centre of Raiffeisen Bank International (RBI).
In 2008, we evolved into a separate company, solidifying our position as a strategic hub for centralizing the group's card payment operations with specialization in card issuing, acquiring, fraud risk monitoring, and digital payments.
We bring fresh, innovative payment technologies across the European region, which guarantees our employees to be part of many exciting projects in multiple CEE countries.
Besides Tatra banka in Slovakia and UBB in Bulgaria, we are proud to have among our clients Raiffeisen banks from Austria, Albania, Czech Republic, Croatia, Romania, Hungary, Serbia, Ukraine, and Kosovo, which makes us one of the largest processing companies in the region.
Come be a part of RPC as we shape the future of payment technology! If you're passionate about innovation and want to join a collaborative and international team, we'd love to have you with us.
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Pavlina Laukova
E-mail:
send CV
APPLY FOR A JOB
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Make it happen
ID:
5193176
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.11.2025
2025-11-17
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
,
Systems Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Raiffeisen Processing Centre (RPC)
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 700 EUR/month