ServiceNow Platform tester - Manual&Automation
Place of work
Košice, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 2 200 EUR/month
From 2200+VAR*
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Do you want to help create the future of healthcare? Our name, Siemens Healthineers, was selected to honor our people who dedicate their energy and passion to this cause. It reflects their pioneering spirit combined with our long history of engineering in the ever-evolving healthcare industry.
We offer you a flexible and dynamic environment with opportunities to go beyond your comfort zone in order to grow personally and professionally. Sound interesting?
Then come and join our team as Medior Test Engineer Manual & Automation, and work on application testing connected to our ServiceNow platform.
Please upload your application documents in English.
Your tasks and responsibilities:
You will be part of a multi-level organization including manual testers and test automation community.
You are comprehensively responsible for assigned area of testing environment.
Facilitate and coordinate testing workflows with teams working within Service Now ecosystem.
You understand the Applications, their priorities, and how to support from testing perspective.
You contribute to best practices.
You drive continuous process improvement
You with your team monitor performance, detect deviations, and trigger improvements.
You enable teams to follow defined best practices about support processes and methodologies.
You will develop the competencies of the experts in the group and evaluate needed competencies and skills required when onboarding new team members (internal or external)You will facilitate knowledge exchange between the experts (community management)
To find out more about the specific business, have a look at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/de/products-services
Your qualifications and experience:
You have 3+ years of experience
You have a degree in computer science, business informatics or a comparable field
You have profound experiences in participating and collaborating within global diverse groups / teams along good communication and collaboration skills
OOP and code design principles
General understanding of Service now, HTML, CSS, DOM, JSON, XML, JS
Test automation principles
Ambition to produce clean and effective code, Azure DevOps
Your attributes and skills:
You already have extensive experience in international and intercultural cooperation. Therefore, you bring along business-fluent English skills. German language skills are an advantage
You have a personal affinity for the digital world and modern cloud-based technology
You are characterized by strong analytical skills, Problem solving mindset, self-initiative, motivation, and the ability to work in a team
You communicate confidently at all organizational and work culture levels, demonstrating your ability to assert yourself
We learn passionately - you always strive for improvement and perfect quality and are willing to go the extra mile
You are a team player for whom the success of the team comes first
You enjoy driving change and taking responsibility in global technology environments
What do we offer:
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work combination of work from home & work from office(telework / homeoffice)
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctors permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Multisport Card employer's contribution of 10 EUR
Recognition and Reward program
Wellbeing program Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, )
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards:
starting from 2 200 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individuals potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the worlds most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5193265
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.11.2025
2025-11-17
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month