Join Brightpick – Where Real-World AI and Robotics Comes to Life
At Brightpick, we build intelligent robots that solve complex logistics challenges using advanced AI, computer vision, and autonomous mobility. Our flagship robot, the Brightpick Autopicker, is truly unique: a robotic platform in place of feet, a robotic arm instead of a hand, a 3D scanner for vision, and AI algorithms as its brain — all seamlessly integrated to enable autonomous movement and intelligent decision-making.
Why Brightpick?
Fully in-house tech: from hardware to AI & algorithms. Also design and manufacturing!
Rapid rollout and proven results in the EU and US
A place where you can thrive and accelerate your career growth
Headquartered in Bratislava, but delivering our solutions all around the world, we’re a tight-knit team of 200+ engineers, builders, and problem-solvers. We move fast, think bold, build technology that matters.
Pridaj sa k Brightpick - Kde ožívajú robotické aplikácie spolu s AI
V Brightpicku vytvárame inteligentné roboty, ktoré riešia komplexné logistické výzvy pomocou pokročilej umelej inteligencie, počítačového videnia a autonómnej mobility. Náš vlajkový robot, Brightpick Autopicker, je skutočne jedinečný. Robotická platforma namiesto nôh, robotické rameno namiesto ruky, 3D skener ako oči a AI algoritmy ako rozum. Všetko dokonale integrované pre autonómny pohyb a inteligentné rozhodovanie.
Prečo Brightpick?
Naše vlastné technológie: od hardvéru až po AI a algoritmy. A tiež samotné dizajnovanie a výroba robotov!
Rýchla implementácia a preukázateľné výsledky v EÚ a USA
Miesto, kde môžeš napredovať a urýchliť svoj kariérny rast
Naše sídlo je v Bratislave, no naše riešenia dodávame po celom svete. Sme zohratý tím viac ako 200 inžinierov, vývojárov a riešiteľov problémov. Vďaka nášmu nasadeniu a práci, ktorá nás napĺňa, budujeme technológie, na ktorých záleží.
Senior Software Analyst
Place of work
Plynárenská 4937/6, Ružinov
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As a Senior Software Analyst you will be a part of a software development team. You will analyze, design, and document a software product through its development lifecycle. You will work closely with the product owners, developer team, quality assurance team and project management. Another responsibility of a Software analyst is to facilitate common understanding of the system between software stakeholders.
Location
Bratislava
Type of employment
Full-time
Salary (brutto)
From € 3000/month based on seniority and experience
Core responsibilities:
Analyze and critically verify system requirements
Design and review solutions, write functional specifications
Research and analyze existing solutions
Provide consistent and up to date documentation of the software product through its development lifecycle
Participate in software lifecycle management
Collaborate with Development team to support good understanding and development of requested features
Collaborate with the Quality Assurance team on the design of SW acceptance tests
Collaborate with business analysts and product owners on the specification and documentation of the business processes and business requirements
Build, maintain and provide knowledge of the software product
Interact with and support all software product stakeholders
Build and maintain basic understanding of software development technologies
Requirements:
University education (Bachelor's degree, Master's degree)
Preferred field: computer science, information technology, robotics, engineering, mathematics, physics, statistics
Fluent in both English and Slovak languages
3+ years of experience in an SW Analyst role
Experience with different analytical techniques like interface Analysis, Feasibility Analysis
Knowledge and experience with agile methodologies
Basic understanding of software development technologies
Documentation and visualization abilities; experience with requirements and solution description, user stories, use cases and acceptance criteria
High communication and collaboration skills with various levels (management, technical and non-technical resources)
Welcome knowledge and experience: REST, API, JSON, RabbitMQ, SQL, UML, Kibana, Grafana, Jira, draw.io, Miro/Figma
Strong analytical mind; ability to understand, describe, visualize, analyze and solve various problems and issues
Logical thinking, presentation skills, decision-making skills, problem-solver attitude
Benefits:
Daily breakfast in the office
Option of working from home/hybrid work (in case the position allows it)
Flexible work schedule (in case the position allows it)
Sick days
Parking for everyone, bike storage with showers and changing rooms on site at our HQ
Rooftop terrace with nice view of Bratislava
Dog friendly office
Multisport Card
Referral program
Additional benefits you can choose from after 1st year:
Multisport Card (with company contribution)
Contribution to a recreation stay
Year-round healthcare access at ProCare
Supplementary pension contribution (III pilier)
Brain boost - budget for professional development
Annual public transportation pass
E-Shop voucher to buy anything you might need
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
The journey of our company started in 2013 when 4 friends came up with the idea to provide eyes for robots worldwide so that they could see and understand it. This idea led to a series of patents and awards. Shortly thereafter, the four-man company grew fast, becoming a technological sanctuary for machine vision, smart automation enthusiasts & innovators.
In 2021 Photoneo launched its new Business Unit BRIGHTPICK, the first fully automated fulfillment solution for warehouses and grocers and added to its broad competences and industries served. In early 2025 the sensor/3D vision part of the company (‘’Photoneo’’) was acquired by Zebra Technologies, marking a significant and celebrated tech acquisition in Slovak history.
We, the remaining part of the company, were rebranded as Brightpick, with hubs in the USA and EU (with main HQ in Slovakia), dedicated to providing global automation solutions for e-commerce and grocery fulfillment.
Being a part of Brightpick means being a part of a team that continuously pushes the boundaries further and creates space for solutions of the future. Join us and experience the journey with us!
Address
Brightpick s. r. o.
Plynárenská 6
84105 Bratislava
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Lucia Matlovičová
E-mail:
send CV
<<< Back to the list of jobs
You can react to this job
without sending your CV
. It is sufficient to fill in a form.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5193419
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.11.2025
2025-11-17
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
,
Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Brightpick s. r. o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month