ServiceNow Platform Admin
Miesto práce
Košice, Slovensko (Pozícia umožňuje občasnú prácu z domu)
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Platové ohodnotenie
Od 2 200 EUR/mesiac
From 2200+VAR*
O nás
Siemens Healthineers
Siemens Healthineers tvorí od roku 2001 medicínsky softvér. Tím spoločnosti má viac ako 1000 členov v Bratislave, v Žiline a Košiciach, pričom úzko spolupracuje s ďalšími medzinárodnými tímami.
Popis pracovnej pozície a zodpovednosti
As the Platform Administrator, you will work closely with the offshore team, stakeholders, and internal team, and you will be responsible for performing the day-to-day administration of the ServiceNow platform.
Job Responsibilities:
Maintain the stability and usability of the platform across production and non-production environments.
Perform application maintenance, including performance monitoring and error identification/remediation.
Load, normalize, and maintain consistent data between ServiceNow and other systems.
Manage support for incidents.
Lead upgrade planning and execution.
Manage instance security: user/group access, administration, and access control lists.
Provide configuration assistance to developers.
Have proper knowledge of setting up clones, clone preserves, and clone exclusions.
Have experience with the Now Support and Now Learning portals.
Fulfill regular ServiceNow audit requests and resolve identified findings.
Execute non-standard tasks.
Develop metrics, reports, and dashboards to measure the effectiveness and efficiency of processes and systems.
Cooperate with the testing team.
Collaborate with the external development team to analyze and investigate future implementations or bugs.
Work closely with the internal ServiceNow team.
Minimum Qualifications and Experience:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.
Requirements:
Thorough knowledge and understanding of ITIL/ITSM processes.
Quick learner who can adapt to a fast-paced, ever-changing environment.
Minimum 2 years of ServiceNow administration experience.
Strong interpersonal skills, customer-centric attitude, and ability to deal with cultural diversity.
Self-directed and able to manage changing priorities.
Self-motivated and results-oriented.
Willingness to help team members with daily tasks.
Ability to work in a team.
Advanced communication skills (written and verbal).
Strong attention to detail.
Understanding of relational database concepts.
ServiceNow platform experience,with the most current and previous releases.
Demonstrated ability with ServiceNow Case, FSM, Incident, Problem, Request, CSDM & CMDB, and Knowledge Management applications.
Experience using JavaScript, JSON, XML, and HTML.
Certifications and Trainings:
ServiceNow Certified System Administrator (Mandatory).
System Administration Advanced Training (Preferred).
ITIL certification (Preferred).
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards
: starting from 2 200 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
What do we offer:
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of work from home & work from office(telework / homeoffice)
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Multisport Card – employer's contribution of 10 EUR
Recognition and Reward program
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Potrebné vzdelanie, zručnosti a osobnostné predpoklady
Vzdelanie
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
Poslať životopis
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Pridaj sa k nám!
Pošli CV
Klikni pre viac informacií
ID:
5193262
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.11.2025
2025-11-17
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Správca informačného systému
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/mesiac