Team Leader/Scum Master -  3D Modeling (All Genders)
Allplan Slovensko s. r. o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
asap/by agreement
Wage (gross)
3 500 EUR/month
Base salary depends on the professional qualifications and experience of candidate
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Team shares important projects in 3D digital modeling and BIM workflows.
​The Team Leader/SCM Master is responsible for leading one team of software developers and ensuring successful delivery of high-quality software products. TL will work closely with the Product Owner and lead cross-functional teams to define product requirements and develop software solutions that meet customer needs.
Main responsibilities:
Manage and lead a team of software developers, including recruiting, training, and mentoring team members.
Work with cross-functional teams, including product management, design, and quality assurance, to define product requirements and user stories.
Participate in sprint planning and review meetings to ensure development tasks are properly defined by the Product Owner and estimated by the team.
Develop and maintain software development processes and best practices.
Ensure code quality and maintainability through facilitation of code reviews and ensuring automated testing.
Stay current with software industry trends, technologies, and best practices.
Collaborate with product management team to ensure software products meet customer needs and align with product roadmap.
Ensure compliance with regulatory requirements and industry standards.
Continuously improve team processes and practices to optimize efficiency and productivity.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
C++ - Advanced
C# - Advanced
Python - Skillful
WPF - Skillful
Experience in the position/sector
2 years in scum master/leadership
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
Significant experience in software development, with at least 2 years in a leadership role.
Strong understanding of software development methodologies and best practices.
Experience in developing and maintaining software development processes and practices.
Solid knowledge of C++, experienced in C#/WPF, Python
Experience with 3D modeling
Excellent communication, leadership, and collaboration skills.
Strong analytical and data-driven decision-making skills.
Ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Ability to lead, recruit and mentor high-performing development teams.
Strong problem-solving and decision-making skills.
Continuous improvement mindset and commitment to quality.
Excellent communication and collaboration skills with proficiency in English and Slovak
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
A strong member of the Nemetschek Group, we are a leading provider of building information modeling (BIM) solutions. More than 600 enthusiastic experts in 13 European locations take care that our customers can use innovative tools for demanding architecture- and engineering projects.
Number of employees
100-149 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Anna Sládková
Tel.:
+421902052225
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5193788
Dátum zverejnenia:
18.11.2025
2025-11-18
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Scrum Master
,
Team leader
Spoločnosť:
Allplan Slovensko s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month