IT Portfolio Manager
Place of work
Košice, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 3 000 EUR/month
From 3000+VAR*
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the role:
We are looking for a
IT Program
/
Portfolio Management role.
You will be the main support to the senior leadership in the management of customized Service Now platform and all related applications within Siemens Healthineers.
We are a focused technology company, groundbreaking intelligent solutions that transform the everyday in healthcare. Our technology addresses real problems that affect the future of humanity. Do you have the courage to think beyond the possible? Do you want to be empowered to build solutions that have an impact on daily life?
Siemens Heathineers is your place to thrive. Here you will find the trust and freedom to excel. Let’s grow together, to improve how people live, work, make and move. Because crafting a world that we are proud to hand to the next generation is more than a job – it’s the opportunity of a lifetime.
Talk to us about the development journey you would like to undertake, join Siemens Heathrineers to grow and to build a better real and digital future.
Your Challenge:
Together with value stream owners plan roadmaps of an ecosystem of platforms (amongst them Service Now, Genesys, Spryker)
Based on the developed roadmaps transform the Healthineers’ customer service landscape towards the executive strategy “From Onsite to Online”
Introduce agile portfolio management with the management team of Healthineers IT Customer Services
Rationalization and optimization of the management model incl. conducting regular reviews of roadmaps and budget together with senior management
Active and collaborative participation within the economic/financial and strategic management of the business unit.
Administration and coordination of the entire supplier base and orders issued.
Maintenance and management of the tools used for cost and revenue control and planning in the projects.
Oversee project management activities
Driving strategy and analyzing bottlenecks and coverage to establish clear competitive differentiation for the portfolio
Understanding and building a positive client relationship with the key influencers and decision makers
What you need to bring with you:
You should already have a
program management experience
or similar background
Great teammate, strong communication & interpersonal skills;
Problem solving skills;
Interest in bridging the gap between business processes and technology
Proficiency in English language; German is advantage
Proficiency in Microsoft Office tools; Microsoft Azure DevOps or Service Now Strategic Portfolio Management is an advantage
Ability to work in a changing environment
Effective collaboration in networks across businesses and functions
Being a role model for openness and inclusiveness as a non-negotiable cultural element
What do we offer:
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of work from home & work from office(telework / homeoffice)
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Multisport Card – employer's contribution of 10 EUR
Recognition and Reward program
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards:
starting from 3 000 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5193267
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.11.2025
2025-11-17
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month