Lenovo Slovakia
Benefits
Jobs
Contact us
Premier Technical Support Specialist with Danish
What do you need to succeed in this opportunity
* 3+ years of experience in Client Technical Support roles.
* Experience within IT Services and Working with Field Service Providers
* Working Knowledge on Windows Operating Systems and MS Products
* Technical Knowledge on client (Notebook, Desktop, & Tablets)
* Business Fluent Danish and English
*  An additional Nordic language is a big advantage
Required education
stredoškolské s maturitou
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Pokročilý (C1)
a
Dánsky jazyk - Pokročilý (C1)
What will you do
This a technical role within the Lenovo’s Premier Technical Support team based in Copenhagen, Denmark. In this role you will be delivering best in class support to Lenovo’s Premier Support customers in Denmark. Over phone and email you will perform remote troubleshooting and isolation to accurately diagnose reported problems within the client product portfolio (notebooks, desktops & tablets) maintaining high first time fix rates and dispatching parts engineers to site as needed to perform repairs. Supported by a team of Technical Account Managers you will oversee cases end-to-end with exceptional case management, follow-up and customer communication.
This role directly reports to our Technical Support Manager in Denmark.
Please note: While most of the team is based in Copenhagen, it is possible to work from our office in Bratislava. However, you will support Danish customers, so business-fluent Danish language is mandatory.
Day-To-Day Tasks:
Assist customers and field engineers by diagnosing problems remotely through effective troubleshooting and isolation
Identify the cause of hardware / software faults and provides a solution
Resolve over phone or email or onsite via parts and engineer dispatch
Work with Technical Account Management team to monitor and tracks issues to ensure speedy resolution.
Advise & educate customers through combination of experience & guideline documentation to ensure a solution to their technical issues.
Provide input on recurring customer problems and share that information with other technical team members when relevant.
Monitor own ‘open case’ workload and drives to closure.
Other information
Place of work:
Landererova 12, Pribinova, Staré Mesto, Slovensko, Bratislava (Pozícia umožňuje občasnú prácu z domu)
Salary offer (gross):
Od 1 950 EUR/mesiac
Base gross monthly salary starts from 1.950 EUR. The final offer could be, of course, negotiated higher than the advertised minimum - it all depends on your experience! In addition, there is also a variable part (a bonus) in value of 12% of your annual earnings.
Contract type:
plný úväzok
What we offer
Healthcare and well-being
Development
Work - life balance
Bonus system
Community life (CSR)
About Lenovo
Lenovo is a company in a constant state of
creation.
Here, you'll
architect
your own career,
pioneer
new ideas and
master
new skills.
Lenovo Slovakia employs more than
25 nationalities
and
is the biggest shared service center in Lenovo Group.
Our people share a common aspiration to
be the very best.
Whether
serving
our customers,
working
together as a team or
contributing
to the community, we are working to build
unique company.
APPLY
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5194700
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.11.2025
2025-11-19
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Helpdesk operátor
,
IT konzultant
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Servisný technik
Spoločnosť:
Lenovo (Slovakia) s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 950 EUR/mesiac