About us
Open positions
Benefits
Contact
Digital Reporting Analyst with Power BI
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary *
From 1 900 EUR/month
Contract type
full-time
* Of course, an overpayment is possible depending on the respective training, qualification and professional experience. The gross salary is based on these aforementioned criteria and is finally determined after the personal interview.
Henkel operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in two exciting business areas: Consumer Brands (Laundry & Home Care and Beauty Care) and Adhesive Technologies. Our success is built on constant innovation and people who strive for excellence. Working at Henkel is much more than just a job. It's a passion. Have you got what it takes?
About the team
At Henkel, you can make a difference and craft your career. That’s why you own your projects and take full responsibility from an early stage. Our unique brands in markets around the world open up countless opportunities to follow your convictions and explore new paths. If you have an entrepreneurial mindset that allows you to always think out of the box - take the chance and shape the digital future together with us.
Your role
Work closely with users of all expertise levels to design, guide, and implement Power BI solutions for strategic business projects
Maintain, optimize and build data models and dashboards to ensure accurate and efficient application performance
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand data requirements for our Henkel Consumer Brands supply chain and production
Establish and maintain standards and best practices for Power BI architecture and usage across the organization
Embed solutions in our Henkel Data Platform based on Azure and Databricks
Your skills
University degree in in International Business, Business Administration / Management, Logistics/Supply Chain, Data Science and Analytics
2+ years of hands-on experience with Power BI development and with analytical reporting, data visualization, and related tools and techniques
Supply Chain / Logistics or Production background is advantage
Experience with Microsoft SQL, Azure analytics suite and Databricks interfaces is advantage
Strong ability to transform complex data from multiple sources into clear, actionable insights
Proven experience collaborating with business stakeholders at all levels to support insight-generation through Power BI
Proficiency in MS Office applications (Word, Excel, and PowerPoint)
Fluency in English
Accuracy and attention to detail, skills in time management and analytical thinking is required.
Strong communicator and team player, willing to work in truly international environment
PLEASE SEND YOUR CV IN ENGLISH
Benefits we offer
Flexible work scheme with flexible hours, hybrid work model and up to 30 days per year for remote work abroad
Diverse national and international growth opportunities
Globally applicable well-being standards, including health and preventive care programs
Gender-neutral parental leave for a minimum of 8 weeks
Employee Share Plan with voluntary investment and Henkel matching shares
13th salary, incentives
Cafeteria benefit system, Multisport card
Henkel shop and Henkel nursery school
Extra paid days off for special life situations, referral and relocation bonus
#HenkelSlovensko
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5194327
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.11.2025
2025-11-19
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Programmer
,
Reporting Specialist
,
Technical Staff
Spoločnosť:
HENKEL SLOVENSKO, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 900 EUR/month