Back to open positions
About PwC
Students and graduates
Experienced candidates
Mothers
Benefits
Place of work
Twin City A, Karadžičova, Old Town, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
dohodou
Wage (gross)
From 2 300 EUR/month
Based on the candidate's seniority, we are open to discuss salary options individually.
Cybersecurity Technical Consultant – Defense & Resilience (m/f)
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We’re looking for a
consultant who enjoys helping clients solve practical security challenges
and
is eager to grow by working closely with real-world systems
and teams. This role is about
supporting and guiding organizations in securing their networks, servers, endpoints, etc.
You’ll
collaborate with technical teams, provide recommendations, assist in project delivery, and help troubleshoot issues
from a strategic and advisory perspective. If you have a solid understanding of networking fundamentals (e.g., CCNA level), are comfortable navigating Linux environments, and can write basic Bash scripts, you’ll be well-equipped to support our clients effectively.
We value
curiosity, clear communication, and a proactive mindset
. You don’t need a wall of certifications, but you should
be confident working with technology and committed to continuous learning
.
Preferred skills:
Technical mindset - able to quickly pick up different technologies without prior experience
Solid understanding of
networking fundamentals
at least on CCNA level (routing, switching, VLANs, ACLs, VPNs, firewall basics).
Hands-on experience with Linux OS, dabble in Bash scripting for automation and system checks.
Familiarity with
Windows administration and endpoint security concepts
.
Good verbal and written communication
skills in
Slovak
and
English.
Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a team environment.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with attention to detail.
Commitment to continuous learning and professional development.
Ideally 2nd Degree in IT, telco, Cybersecurity, or a related field (or equivalent practical experience).
Nice to have skills:
Exposure to cloud security fundamentals
(Azure, AWS) and identity management basics.
Familiarity with container technologies
(Docker, Kubernetes) is a plus.
Communication skills in German is nice to have.
Experience with scripting languages beyond
Bash (Python, PowerShell).
Knowledge of
cybersecurity frameworks
(NIST, ISO 27001, CIS Controls).
Professional certifications such as CCNA, Security+, Network+, are considered a plus.
Location: Bratislava (Hybrid) — Engage with clients in CEE and EMEA ​(online)
Employee perks, benefits
Benefits you can enjoy while working at PwC
Financial Rewards:
Benefit from regular salary reviews, performance bonuses and other special bonuses. Enjoy meal contributions and a cafeteria benefit system offering personalized choices.
Flexibility & Work-Life Balance:
Enjoy our hybrid working policy, flexible working hours, 2 extra days off during Christmas along with Sick-days. Every minute of your extra work is valued and compensated.
Career Development:
Engage in tailored internal and external training programs, benefit from a structured career development plan, and as an employee take advantage of discounts of up to 30% on internationally recognized certifications and qualifications from leading organizations through our PwC Academy.
Health & Well-being:
Access premium benefits such as physiotherapy consultations, Multisport card and medical center membership. Take advantage of our Well-being and Work-Life Coaching program.
Supportive Culture:
Participate in teambuilding activities and social events and join our employee referral program. Experience a culture with regular feedback and a supportive environment.
Global Opportunities:
Seize the opportunity for international assignments and work on diverse projects with international clients. Explore the world while working with the possibility of working from abroad.
Extra perks:
Use various discounts at partner companies such as cars, health care, beauty, culture or others. Transfer up to 4 telephone numbers at discounted rates.
Information about the selection process
If you'd like to apply for this position, please click on the "Apply Now" button on our website and apply through our system.
You can find the data privacy announcement here: https://pwc.to/2s8n2tn
If the current position is not right for you but you have friends or acquaintances in your area who could be interested in working with us, feel free to direct them to us. If we establish cooperation with a candidate recommended by you, you can receive a reward from 300 to 1000 EUR, depending on the seniority of the candidate: https://www.pwc.com/sk/en/careers/get-rewarded-for-recommending-candidate.html
We seek to hire people who are great at what they do and bring our behaviours to life in how they do it. Our PwC Professional framework guides us to work together to create a better tomorrow. Together, Trusted Leadership and Distinctive Outcomes are how we deliver on our purpose and strategy, serving our clients and living our values in every interaction, everyday. The PwC Professional framework defines the behaviours we’re all expected to demonstrate at PwC and what we look for in our future talent.
Are you ready to be a PwC Professional?
Contact
Contact person: Eva Kvasnickova Verbich
E-mail:
send CV
Send CV
Back to open positions
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5194079
Dátum zverejnenia:
18.11.2025
2025-11-18
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Consultant
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
,
IT Security Specialist
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
PwC
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 300 EUR/month