Join Brightpick – Where Real-World AI and Robotics Comes to Life
At Brightpick, we build intelligent robots that solve complex logistics challenges using advanced AI, computer vision, and autonomous mobility. Our flagship robot, the Brightpick Autopicker, is truly unique: a robotic platform in place of feet, a robotic arm instead of a hand, a 3D scanner for vision, and AI algorithms as its brain — all seamlessly integrated to enable autonomous movement and intelligent decision-making.
Why Brightpick?
Fully in-house tech: from hardware to AI & algorithms. Also design and manufacturing!
Rapid rollout and proven results in the EU and US
A place where you can thrive and accelerate your career growth
Headquartered in Bratislava, but delivering our solutions all around the world, we’re a tight-knit team of 200+ engineers, builders, and problem-solvers. We move fast, think bold, build technology that matters.
Pridaj sa k Brightpick - Kde ožívajú robotické aplikácie spolu s AI
V Brightpicku vytvárame inteligentné roboty, ktoré riešia komplexné logistické výzvy pomocou pokročilej umelej inteligencie, počítačového videnia a autonómnej mobility. Náš vlajkový robot, Brightpick Autopicker, je skutočne jedinečný. Robotická platforma namiesto nôh, robotické rameno namiesto ruky, 3D skener ako oči a AI algoritmy ako rozum. Všetko dokonale integrované pre autonómny pohyb a inteligentné rozhodovanie.
Prečo Brightpick?
Naše vlastné technológie: od hardvéru až po AI a algoritmy. A tiež samotné dizajnovanie a výroba robotov!
Rýchla implementácia a preukázateľné výsledky v EÚ a USA
Miesto, kde môžeš napredovať a urýchliť svoj kariérny rast
Naše sídlo je v Bratislave, no naše riešenia dodávame po celom svete. Sme zohratý tím viac ako 200 inžinierov, vývojárov a riešiteľov problémov. Vďaka nášmu nasadeniu a práci, ktorá nás napĺňa, budujeme technológie, na ktorých záleží.
Electronics specialist with embedded programming
Place of work
Plynárenská 4937/6, Ružinov
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 400 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
The role of mechatronics requires strong knowledge of electronics and some programming skills. The ideal candidate is creative in related technical areas and passionate about designing electronic components for various applications. You should be able to build functional prototypes to test your ideas—perfection isn’t required, just practicality.
We work extensively with servo drives, so familiarity with them is an advantage.Your creations will become part of sophisticated automation systems used by our customers.
You won’t be working alone — five smart and supportive colleagues are already waiting for you.
Location
Bratislava
Type of employment
Full-time
Salary (brutto)
From € 2400/month based on seniority and experience
Core responsibilities:
Functional and technical design of electronic components and integrated circuits
Technical implementation according to specification
Diagnostics of electronic components
Building prototypes
Creation of instruction for mass production
Low-level programming of embedded systems
Preparation of system for production
Propose a new functionality based on customer needs
Ensure that related documentation is maintained
Working towards departmental and project deadlines
Working on multiple projects at one time
Deployment of technology at customer location (up to 10%)
Overall governance around safety certification
Design and maintain software development processes
Requirements:
Real-life experience with Low-Level and Embedded Programming
Knowledge of low-level communication protocols such as I2C, SPI, RS-232, RS-485
Knowledge of electronics
Knowledge of servo drives
Knowledge of sensors for automation purposes
Knowledge of Ethernet TCP/IP protocol is an advantage
Capability to design electrical circuits
Fluent command of both English (B2) and Slovak language
Knowledge of PLC programing is an advantage
Benefits:
Daily breakfast in the office
Option of working from home/hybrid work (in case the position allows it)
Flexible work schedule (in case the position allows it)
Sick days
Parking for everyone, bike storage with showers and changing rooms on site at our HQ
Rooftop terrace with nice view of Bratislava
Dog friendly office
Multisport Card
Referral program
Additional benefits you can choose from after 1st year:
Multisport Card (with company contribution)
Contribution to a recreation stay
Year-round healthcare access at ProCare
Supplementary pension contribution (III pilier)
Brain boost - budget for professional development
Annual public transportation pass
E-Shop voucher to buy anything you might need
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
Slovak - Proficiency (C2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
The journey of our company started in 2013 when 4 friends came up with the idea to provide eyes for robots worldwide so that they could see and understand it. This idea led to a series of patents and awards. Shortly thereafter, the four-man company grew fast, becoming a technological sanctuary for machine vision, smart automation enthusiasts & innovators.
In 2021 Photoneo launched its new Business Unit BRIGHTPICK, the first fully automated fulfillment solution for warehouses and grocers and added to its broad competences and industries served. In early 2025 the sensor/3D vision part of the company (‘’Photoneo’’) was acquired by Zebra Technologies, marking a significant and celebrated tech acquisition in Slovak history.
We, the remaining part of the company, were rebranded as Brightpick, with hubs in the USA and EU (with main HQ in Slovakia), dedicated to providing global automation solutions for e-commerce and grocery fulfillment.
Being a part of Brightpick means being a part of a team that continuously pushes the boundaries further and creates space for solutions of the future. Join us and experience the journey with us!
Address
Brightpick s. r. o.
Plynárenská 6
84105 Bratislava
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Lucia Matlovičová
E-mail:
send CV
<<< Back to the list of jobs
You can react to this job
without sending your CV
. It is sufficient to fill in a form.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5194222
Dátum zverejnenia:
18.11.2025
2025-11-18
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
C Programmer
,
Electrical Engineering Technician
,
Electrician (industrial)
,
Electronics Electrician
,
PLC Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Brightpick s. r. o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 400 EUR/month