Join the
banking revolution
Vacancies
Benefits
About us
Contact
Vacancies
Software Engineer .NET
Place of work
Lakeside Park, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 2 300 EUR/month
The final compensation will be determined based on candidate's skills and experiences.
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you looking for a new opportunity where you’ll have a chance to master
your .NET skills?
Would you like to be part of the growing
cloud-based fin-tech industry
? If so, this could a nice fit for you.
BRIEFING
You would be joining
a multidisciplinary squad
which owns a domain of our platform, collectively responsible for everything from defining what to build, to releasing it to production.
Within this squad, you will learn to set up technical specifications and create testable, clearly documented solutions using
Domain Driven Design, SOLID principles and the best software development practices.
You would be part of
Ohpen’s Loans & Mortgages
platform and working with technical savvy senior colleagues ready to help you on your journey.
The squad is autonomous and self-governing, where many decisions are made internally - a great forum for discussing new ideas, learning from each other and drive the results.
ABOUT YOU
• You already have working experience developing in C# / .NET and you’re eager to learn and grow;
• You are familiar with .NET Core and API driven design;
• You have real interest in AWS, Developing Cloud Systems, CI/CD pipelines;
You don't have an updated CV just yet? That's all right; you can also apply with your LinkedIn profile.
For security reasons, if you choose to apply with a CV, please upload it in PDF format.
You will get a response.
Information about the selection process
In case of your interest, please apply via the following link:
https://ohpen.jobs.personio.com/job/1317230?language=en&display=en
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Ohpen delivers a cloud-based software solution for financial institutions. With offices in Slovakia, the Netherlands, UK, and Spain we help financial institutions get rid of their legacy. With a strong team we share the same objective; provide our customers with the highest possible quality out there.
Ohpen was founded by former bankers to manage retail investments, savings, current accounts, loans, and mortgages and was the first in the world to bring a bank fully to the cloud. We´ve been active for over 10 years and changing banking and FinTech the world over.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Valentína Horváthová
E-mail:
send CV
Send CV
Career at Ohpen
http://ohpen.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5194110
Dátum zverejnenia:
18.11.2025
2025-11-18
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
Spoločnosť:
OHPEN Technology Slovakia, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 300 EUR/month