Shape the Future with Photoneo, now part of Zebra Technologies
Software Engineer
Location
Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Wage
full-time
Type of employment
From 3 000 EUR/month
About this position
In this role, you will be at the heart of our R&D department, supporting your colleagues by delivering reliable build, test, and release pipelines in a timely manner. You will help the team transition to new environments and processes, setting up tools that raise coding standards and improve workflow.
Location
Bratislava, Slovakia
Type of employment
Full-time Regular/Contract
Reports to
DevOps Team Leader
Salary (brutto)
Based on experience and seniority:
Junior: From €2,000/month and up
Senior: From €3,000/month and up
Core responsibilities:
Write Bash and Python helper scripts and tools.
Create and maintain automated tests, integrating them into existing or new pipelines.
Design, implement, and maintain Jenkins and/or GitHub Actions pipelines.
Work with internal teams to automate build, test and release pipelines.
Write Dockerfiles, Ansible playbooks.
Write Conan or Python packaging scripts, package software components.
Automate and document processes for security and compliance requirements.
Develop new platforms and baselines for existing products.
Develop new software components in C++ as needed.
Requirements:
Strong Linux administration and development experience (preferably Ubuntu).
Good understanding of the full software build and packaging process—from compiler and linker to containers and CI/CD pipelines.
Be comfortable working in a complex, international R&D environment, collaborating closely with multiple teams.
Must-have:
admin/developer experience with Linux
Shell (Bash)
Docker
Python
Git
admin experience with CI: Jenkins or GitHub Actions
Nice-to-have:
Ansible
JFrog Artifactory
C++
Conan
CMake
DEB format
pytest
setuptools/poetry/uv
ROS (Robot Operating System)
Yocto
Essential attributes:
Good communicator and collaborator
Quick and eager learner of unfamiliar tools and technologies
Analytic problem solver
Pragmatic, goal oriented
Comfortable working in a complex and international environment
Benefits
Core benefits from day one:
Daily breakfast at the office
Option to work from home / hybrid work model
Flexible working hours
Unlimited sick days
Parking for everyone, bicycle storage, showers, and lockers available on-site
Summer terrace with a view of Bratislava
Pet-friendly office – bring your pet to work
Professional development support
Generous referral bonus
Additional benefits after your first anniversary
Employees can choose one of the following:
Annual public transport pass (MHD)
Contribution toward a recreational stay
Massage credit
Annual healthcare package at the private ProCare clinic
3rd pillar – employer contribution (retirement savings)
Brain Boost – contribution toward professional development and other educational activities
Comfy Up – improve your work environment with extra support
And more...
Upload your CV now!
Contact Person:
Mgr.  Brano Mesaros
Benefits
Home / Hybrid Workplace
Flexible work schedule
Unlimited sick days
Parking, bike storage, showers
Professional development
Pet friendly office
Generous referral program
Rooftop terrace with great view
and much more...
Upload your CV now!
Contact Person:
Mgr.  Brano Mesaros
About Photoneo
Photoneo, now part of Zebra Technologies, is a global leader in robotic 3D vision and intelligence, empowering robots to "see" and understand their surroundings with unmatched precision. Based on patented 3D technology, Photoneo’s solutions are transforming industries such as automotive, logistics, e-commerce, food, and medical. Learn more at
www.photoneo.com
.
< Back to job positions
Your ideas. Our technology. A smarter future.
Zebra Technologies Slovakia s.r.o., Plynárenská 6, 821 09 Bratislava, Slovakia
You can react to this job
without sending your CV
. It is sufficient to fill in a form.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5195783
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.11.2025
2025-11-21
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
DevOps Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Zebra Technologies Slovakia s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month