Nové Mesto nad Váhom
Kechnec Powertrain
Kechnec Electronics
Bratislava
Traceability & Production IT Engineer
Place of work
Kechnec 265, Kechnec
Contract type
full-time
Start date
By agreement
Wage (gross)
1 600 EUR/month
From 1450 EUR brutto / month + Guaranteed 13th Salary + Yearly bonus + Travel contribution + Meal allowance
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Supervision of the new iTAC-MES installation
Optimization of ERP and manufacturing processes according to MES aspects
Definition of MES specifications for processes and systems
Connection of manufacturing equipment to the MES system
Alignment of the system concept with IE, production, IT and the system suppliers
Employee perks, benefits
Guaranteed 13th salary.
Annual bonus based on results (% of annual salary).
Travel allowance.
Multisport card.
Travel bonus for business trips.
Discounted meals.
Flexible working hours.
Loyalty contribution after every 5 years of service.
Additional holiday after 3, 5, 10 and 15 years of service.
Annual benefits package.
Individual career program and training abroad for employees.
The opportunity to participate in building the company, introducing new processes, projects and company products.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
The position is suitable for a fresh graduate
Yes
Personality requirements and skills
Academic Graduate at Computer Science
Experience in the automotive industry and production area is desirable
SQL - advanced
Process and data modeling skills
Logical and analytical thinking
Abstract thinking ability
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Magna is a global leading automotive supplier with 351 manufacturing facilities and 103 product development, design, and distribution centers in 30 countries. More than 174,000 employees focus on providing customers with outstanding added value through innovative development and first-class manufacturing.
From components to system to full-vehicle assembly. No other company has the complete system knowledge that Magna possesses. It’s what has made Magna the industry’s most trusted partner for decades. It’s why its technology is in two-thirds of all vehicles produced today. And it’s the reasons the company is most prepared to push mobility into future.
Viac informácií o spoločnosti
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Filip Sokol
E-mail:
send CV
Poslať životopis
ID:
5195581
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.11.2025
2025-11-21
lokalita:
Kechnec
Pozícia:
Electrician (industrial)
,
IT Analyst
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Process Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Magna
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 600 EUR/month