Senior VBA Engineer
Ciklum
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 700 EUR/month
The salary starts from 3700 Eur gross. The final salary depends on the previous experience and professional knowledge of the candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Ciklum
is looking for a
Senior VBA Engineer
to join our team full-time in Slovakia.
We are a custom product engineering company that supports both multinational organizations and scaling startups to solve their most complex business challenges. With a global team of over 4,000 highly skilled developers, consultants, analysts and product owners, we engineer technology that redefines industries and shapes the way people live.
About the role:
As a Senior VBA Engineer, become a part of a cross-functional development team engineering experiences of tomorrow. The ideal consultant will primarily focus on support and maintenance of legacy systems, primarily MS Access and Excel-based tools with Power Query and VBA programmability. Additionally, they will support the development of modern tools, processes and applications to replace the legacy estate.
Responsibilities:
Support the development, operation, and maintenance of robust and scalable solutions used in the Model Production site
Provide user support and handle incidents related to legacy-based tools
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify improvement opportunities and ensure smooth system operation
Contribute to process optimization and continuous improvement initiatives within the digital environment
Requirements:
Strong knowledge of Power Query, VBA, Excel, Access, and Windows environments
Solid background in software development, including C#, .NET, DevOps, and Git
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to explain complex concepts to both technical and functional stakeholders
High level of initiative and curiosity, with a passion for learning and helping others
Self-driven and proactive — takes ownership of tasks rather than waiting for direction
Ability to work collaboratively in an agile environment and contribute to the company’s digital strategy
Desirable:
Knowledge of SAP systems
Understanding of integrations (sync/async), SaaS, and SAP-to/from-cloud connections
Familiarity with cloud platforms and related technologies
Czech language skills
Based in or near the Prague area for easier collaboration
What`s in it for you?
Strong community: Work alongside top professionals in a friendly, open-door culture that values initiative and empowers its people to succeed
Fast-paced & agile environment: Be part of a dynamic, fast-moving organization that champions efficiency and innovation
Global exposure: Collaborate with international, cross-functional teams and contribute to large-scale initiatives
Tailored learning: Boost your skills with internal events (meetups, conferences, workshops), Udemy access, language courses, and company-paid certifications
Flexibility: Balance office and remote work to fit your rhythm
Care: Take advantage of our extensive benefits offering, aligned with the best market standards
The salary starts from 3700 Eur gross. The final salary depends on the previous experience and professional knowledge of the candidate.
About us:
At Ciklum, we are always exploring innovations, empowering each other to achieve more, and engineering solutions that matter. With us, you’ll work with cutting-edge technologies, contribute to impactful projects, and be part of a One Team culture that values collaboration and progress.
Our Slovakia hub brings together passionate professionals working on global initiatives. Be part of a close-knit team that’s driving digital transformation and creating lasting impact.
Want to learn more about us?
Follow us on
Instagram
,
Facebook
,
LinkedIn
, stop by one of our IT meetups Nalejvárna.
Explore, empower, engineer with Ciklum!
Interested already? We would love to get to know you! Submit your application. We can’t wait to see you at Ciklum.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Ciklum is a global Experience Engineering firm that stands at the forefront of innovation, blending next-generation product engineering, exceptional customer experiences, and cutting-edge AI.
For over 20 years, Ciklum has been a trusted partner to global enterprises and digital disruptors, spearheading the creation of digital solutions that tackle complex corporate challenges while propelling businesses toward accelerated growth and success.
Its global team of over 4,000 highly skilled engineers, experienced design specialists and consultants joins forces to engineer technology that paves the way for the future of your business.
If you are looking for an interesting job opportunity and developing technologies that reimagine, reshape, and redefine the future, take a look at the vacancies at Ciklum here:
https://jobs.ciklum.com/offices/slovakia/
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Yaroslav Klivak
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5195001
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.11.2025
2025-11-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Ciklum
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 700 EUR/month