Unleash
Your
Power
About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Senior Manager, Digital Health Product Owner
Apply Now
Date posted:
21.11.2025
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 4 450 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is € 4450 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
At Takeda’s ICC we Unite in Diversity
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive and collaborative workplace, where individuals are recognized for their backgrounds and the abilities they bring to our company. We are continuously improving our collaborators’ journey in Takeda, and we welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our diverse team.
The Opportunity
As an Enterprise Digital Health Product Owner on the team, you will be responsible for defining and prioritizing product requirements to deliver value to patients, healthcare professionals, and various stakeholders in the care continuum who use and interact with your digital product. Working closely with the Agile development team and stakeholders, you will manage the product backlog, translate business needs into clear user stories and acceptance criteria, and manage overall program delivery requirements to solve end-user needs and meet organizational goals.
Responsibilities:
•	Operational Product Leadership and Lifecycle Execution: Lead the operational aspects of product management and ensure successful lifecycle execution for digital health products.
•	Strategic Translation: Translate strategic goals into actionable user stories, features, and technical deliverables.
•	Product Roadmap and Backlog Ownership: Own, maintain, and prioritize the product roadmap and backlog to ensure alignment with strategic goals. Including user stories, acceptance criteria, and delivery roadmap.
•	Development Sprint & Program Management: Oversee development sprints across various teams, including UX, engineering, data, QA, promotional content, user research and testing, and evidence generation.
•	Regulatory and Ethics & Compliance: Ensure compliance with digital health regulations such as SaMD, privacy, and security standards. Ensure product intended use, feature set, and promotional claims align with business strategy, regulatory, and E&C requirements.
•	QMS Compliance: Manage and ensure Quality Management System standards are being followed, including creation of product requirement documentation, product verification and validation, configuration managements, and other traceability artifacts.
•	Iterative Improvement: Continuously improve the product based on data insights and user feedback. Define and monitor OKRs and KPIs to benchmark product performance.
•	Geographic Product Focus Areas: Manage global products launched in more than one region, including the US, Europe, Japan, and growing and emerging markets, incorporating various country feedback and delivery timelines.
•	People Leadership: offer guidance and support to help team members and product owner peers improve skills, while fostering a positive work environment.
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high-end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to bit.ly/icc-bts-benefits
- Cafeteria
- Medical - High standard medical care
- Bridge days
- Summer Hours
- Multisport Card
Your application and any and all conversations that occur with the recruiter, HR, and the hiring manager as part of that application will be treated in the strictest confidence.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
•	Bachelor’s degree in computer science, biomedical engineering, electrical engineering or related engineering field required.
•	Master of Science or Master of Business Administration preferred.
•	8-10 years of work experience in product management, product ownership, or software engineering role required.
•	Experience in regulated industry (medical devices, pharma, automotive) preferred.
•	Experience in project management or program management, or proven experience leading multiple product workstreams, large stakeholder groups, and complex inter-dependent delivery timelines preferred.
•	Fluent in English required
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5195625
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.11.2025
2025-11-21
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
,
IT Product Manager
,
Production Manager
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 450 EUR/month