Unleash
Your
Power
About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Risk & Compliance Analyst
Apply Now
Date posted:
21.11.2025
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 2 650 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is €2650 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Senior Computer System Validation Specialist
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet.
We need your help to make this happen. Join our new Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
In this role at our state-of-the-art center, you will have the opportunity to grow your skills and create solutions that will benefit patients around the world. Become the heart of our internal innovation engine.
At Takeda we unite in diversity!
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive workplace, where individuals are recognized for the diverse backgrounds and abilities they bring to our company. We are continually improving workplace experience and accessibility for everyone, and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our Team.
Opportunity
As a Risk & Compliance Analyst you will develop and execute a strategic CSV plan that aligns with the company's overall compliance and quality objectives. This includes defining validation strategies, risk assessment methodologies, and validation lifecycle models.
Key Responsibilities:
•	Oversee the development and review of comprehensive validation documentation, including Validation Plans, URS, FS, IQ/OQ/PQ protocols, validation reports, and traceability matrices.
•	Conduct risk assessments for computer systems, identify potential vulnerabilities, and implement risk mitigation strategies.
•	Establish and maintain a robust change control process to manage system changes and updates in compliance with validation requirements.
•	Provide guidance on validation testing methodologies, including test design, execution, and documentation. Ensure that testing meets regulatory expectations.
•	Work with other departments to ensure alignment for an agreed upon state of control for computer systems.
•	Practice and stay current with ISPE GAMP best practices, FDA and EU GxP regulations, and applicable ISO standards.
•	Manage a team of professionals to drive validation activities for computer systems.
•	Work with other departments to ensure alignment for an agreed upon state of control for computer systems.
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to our Benefits page (button above).
• Cafeteria
• Medical - High standard medical care
• Bridge days
• Summer Hours
• Multisport Card
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
•	Min 3+ years of experience in a similar role
•	Exposure to ERP/AI, automation
•	Bachelors or Master's degree in a relevant scientific or engineering discipline (e.g., Computer Science, Engineering, Chemistry, Pharmacy, or related fields).
•	Extensive experience in computer system validation, particularly in laboratory, R&D and clinical trial environments.
•	In-depth knowledge of relevant regulations, guidelines, and industry standards related to CSV, data integrity, and computerized systems (e.g., GAMP 5, 21 CFR Part 11).
•	Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
•	Excellent communication and collaboration skills.
•	Attention to detail and a commitment to data integrity and quality.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5195629
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.11.2025
2025-11-21
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
IT Analyst
,
Risk Manager
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 650 EUR/month