.NET Developer
Avenga Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
By mutual agreement
Wage (gross)
2 000 EUR/month
The exact amount of the salary depends on the actual knowledge and experience, qualifications and expertise of the candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We're looking for experienced .Net Engineer to join the team.
This is the role :
Actively participating in the creation and clarification of user stories and sprint planning.
Translating functional and architectural requirements into efficient and maintainable code using .NET technologies.
Writing comprehensive unit and integration tests to ensure the proper functioning of developed features.
Troubleshooting and resolving production issues to maintain application stability and performance.
Adhering to project-specific development guidelines and industry best practices for software development in the .NET ecosystem.
Collaborating effectively with developers, architects, and project leads to deliver high-quality software solutions.
Conducting thorough code reviews to maintain code quality and adherence to coding standards.
Providing mentorship and assistance to less experienced team members to foster their professional growth and development.
Employee perks, benefits
Pleasant working environment and stable background in one of the largest software development companies in the EU
Space to work independently and creatively with the possibility to implement your own ideas and opportunities to learn new things and approaches
You have the opportunity to influence your direction in the company
High quality hardware and software, access to the latest technologies and specific projects
Opportunities to improve your language skills, we are a major global player
At Avenga, you'll get quality support in your development thanks to a wide range of internal and external training courses, so you can push the boundaries of your competences
We offer you benefits such as life insurance and pension contribution, EN/DE/ES lessons, MultiSport card, sick days, meal allowance, lots of company events, offices in Bratislava - Nivy with quality amenities for lovers of sport, food and coffee, hybrid remote work after mutual agreement, and more
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
.NET - Advanced
Number of years of experience
4
Personality requirements and skills
Proficiency in .NET development with a minimum of 5+ years of experience for Senior roles and 3+ years for Intermediate roles.
Strong working experience with .NET Framework and/or .NET Core. Knowledge of C# programming language and its features.
Experience with ASP.NET MVC and/or ASP.NET Core for web development.
Familiarity with Entity Framework for database access.
Expertise in designing and developing RESTful APIs.
Experience with unit testing frameworks such as NUnit or MSTest.
Proficiency in version control systems, particularly Git.
Knowledge of Agile methodologies, such as Scrum or Kanban.
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.
Strong written and verbal communication skills in English.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Sme globálna technologicko-poradenská spoločnosť, ktorá pomáha organizáciám riešiť zložité IT výzvy prostredníctvom inovatívnych a na mieru šitých digitálnych riešení.
S viac ako 6 000 odborníkmi po celom svete ponúkame komplexné portfólio služieb – či už ide o vývoj softvéru, analýzu, architektúru, projektový manažment, testovanie, oblasť kybernetickej bezpečnosti, návrh UX/UI, DevOps alebo iné pokročilé technologické poradenstvo.
Našimi klientmi sú firmy z rôznych odvetví vrátane bankovníctva, telekomunikácií, automobilového priemyslu, mobility a zdravotníctva. Spoločne s nimi realizujeme projekty zamerané okrem iného aj na využitie umelej inteligencie. Tá sa stala kľúčovým nástrojom pre moderné podniky, pretože umožňuje automatizáciu rutinných úloh, zvyšuje efektivitu, zlepšuje rozhodovacie procesy a poskytuje hlbší vhľad do správania zákazníkov.
Avenga je súčasťou technologického piliera medzinárodnej investičnej skupiny KKCG Group.
Pridajte sa k nám a rozvíjajte svoj potenciál a schopnosti v rámci našich medzinárodných projektov.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Miriam Szarvasová
Tel.:
+421911864489
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5195790
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.11.2025
2025-11-21
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Backend developer
Spoločnosť:
Avenga Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month