Product Owner Senior
TechTalent s. r. o.
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
1.1.2026
Wage (gross)
5 000 - 6 400 EUR/month
on a trade license or through a limited company – final salary depends on the candidate's seniority and experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We require an experienced Product Owner to work within team to support our solution expansion.
Role Description:
The Product Owner is responsible for representing the interests of stakeholders and ensuring that the development team is building the right product and features. The Product Owner will act as the primary point of contact between the development team and stakeholders, including Product managers, customers, users, and the business.
The Product Owner is responsible for defining and prioritizing the product backlog, which is a list of features and requirements for the product.
The Product Owner works closely with the development team to ensure that they have a clear understanding of what needs to be built and why.
The Product Owner also plays a critical role in making trade-oN decisions when it comes to balancing scope, time, and budget constraints.
Throughout the development process, the Product Owner is responsible for ensuring that the product is meeting the needs of stakeholders and delivering business value.
The Product Owner provide ongoing feedback to the development team, accept completed work, and ensure that the product backlog is continually refined and reprioritized based on feedback and changing business needs.
Responsibilities:
Service Design (Product Delivery)
Customer Journey, experience mapping process flows using Miro Board (Product Delivery)
Product Delivery (Create and manage Features / User Stories / Jira Tickets)
Backlog / roadmap management
Estimating work with tech counterparts Skill set: Internal
Must thrive in a fast paced environment and have an ability to multi task
Ability to communicate clearly with business and technology stakeholders
Agile Product delivery / Scrum team experience
Product Owner experience – 5 years
EN fluent
5 days/week onsite BA office
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Experience in the position/sector
2
Number of years of experience
5
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
At TechTalent, we specialize in connecting companies with top IT professionals. We offer comprehensive IT staffing services tailored to the unique needs of businesses across various technology sectors. For IT specialists, TechTalent provides access to a wide range of projects across different industries, offering unique and valuable career opportunities.
Number of employees
3-4 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Šimon Sekáč
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5196075
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.11.2025
2025-11-21
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
,
IT Project Manager
,
Product Manager
,
Product Manager - Specialist
,
Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
TechTalent s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
5 000 EUR/month