ESM ServiceNow Admin
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
2 700 - 4 000 EUR/month
+ attractive benefit system
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As an ESM ServiceNow Administrator II, you’ll be a key contributor to strategic Enterprise Service Management platform — a critical system supporting more than 50 enterprise applications worldwide. You will ensure platform stability, reliability, and security, while driving automation and innovation across the enterprise. This role requires a mix of technical depth, problem-solving skills, and a continuous improvement mindset to optimize ServiceNow’s performance and enhance user experience.
Responsibilities
- Administer, configure, and enhance ServiceNow modules (Service Catalog, Incident/Change/Problem Management, CMDB, etc.).
- Resolve escalations and support requests via ticketing systems, email, and phone.
- Collaborate with internal teams to design, develop, and deploy configuration changes and enhancements.
- Ensure platform compliance with security and governance standards.
- Execute platform upgrades and releases with minimal operational impact.
- Identify and implement process improvements, standards, and automation opportunities.
- Maintain technical documentation (configurations, workflows, platform design).
- Support change management with release notes, communication materials, and user adoption plans.
- Provide technical guidance to ServiceNow users and process teams aligned to ITIL v4 principles.
Employee perks, benefits
- flexible working time
- hybrid type of home-office
- kindergarten - available in our building
- yearly salary re-evaluation
- sick days
- MultiSport card
- mental & medical health support
- public transport donation
Information about the selection process
In case of your interest to apply for this position, please, send us your curriculum vitae on jobs@sourcefirstinternational.com.
We always have several positions for IT specialists in Slovakia, in the Czech Republic, but also on foreign projects.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.3.2026
(there are still 126 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our client is global leader in the provision various transfer solutions.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Personality requirements and skills
- Bachelor’s/Master’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent experience.
- 5+ years of ServiceNow administration/development experience in an enterprise environment.
- Strong knowledge of ServiceNow core architecture and key modules.
- Technical proficiency in JavaScript, HTML, CSS, XML, REST API.
- Understanding of ITIL v4 processes.
- Excellent communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills.
- Fluency in English.
Nice to Have Skills
- Experience with integrations (e.g., Perspectium).
- Working knowledge of Agile and DevOps principles.
- Strong documentation and stakeholder-management skills.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: IT Recruitment
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5196349
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.11.2025
2025-11-24
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
DevOps Engineer
,
IT Consultant
,
IT System Administrator
,
Systems Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month