#Powering today, into tomorrow.
Watch video
Michaela Kristová
Accountant Specialist
Open positions
>
Microsoft SharePoint / Power Apps / Copilot Application Architect
Job category
Information Systems
Place of work
Bratislava
Salary gross
3 500 EUR/mesiac
Contract type
plný úväzok
Microsoft SharePoint / Power Apps / Copilot Application Architect
Your role
This role is accountable for the design, and development of enterprise applications leveraging Microsoft Power Platform (Power Apps, Power Automate), SharePoint, and Copilot Studio. The position ensures solutions adhere to standard, out-of-the-box functionality, minimizing customizations / maximizing connections while aligning with business strategy and industry best practices.
The individual will translate business demand into actionable systems, collaborating with cross-functional teams and IT Business Partners to deliver integrated enterprise IT capabilities. Responsibilities include technical leadership in design, development, testing, and implementation, vendor oversight, and providing level 3 production support.
Key focus areas include:
- Application ownership and delivery for SharePoint, Power Platform, and Copilot Studio.
- Workflow Automation & AI Integration, including intelligent workflows, custom AI agents, and secure system integrations.
- Continuous Improvement to stabilize and rationalize the IT application landscape.
- Compliance & Governance, ensuring adherence to IT General Controls and SOX.
Success in this role requires deep expertise in Microsoft collaboration tools, strong business acumen, and the ability to deliver high-quality, cost-effective solutions on time and under budget.
Key responsibilities
- Architect, design, and develop Clarios applications using SharePoint, PowerApps, and Copilot Studio.
- Ensure use of standard, out-of-the-box functionality and minimize customizations.
- Integrate business strategy and industry best practices to define application development direction aligned with business value.
- Collaborate with cross-functional business/IT teams and IT Business Partners to translate business demand into actionable roadmaps.
- Oversee planning, building, testing, and running of integrated enterprise IT capabilities and services.
- Promote continuous improvement to stabilize and rationalize the IT application landscape while delivering support, enhancements, and projects on time and under budget.
- Adhere to Clarios application development standards across all initiatives.
- Design and implement intelligent workflows, custom AI agents, and automation solutions using Copilot Studio.
How you will do it:
- Own the application architecture of SharePoint, Power Apps, Power Automate and Copilot Studio solutions and responsible for making sure that solutions are built using best practices.
- Work with IT business partners, business, and external partners to enhance business capabilities while simplifying the landscape over time.
- Lead technical design, development, testing and implementation of IT applications through operating a metrics-based management system.
- Accountable for ensuring external vendor solution delivery to standard architecture and high quality.
- Responsible for providing level 3 support for any production issues.
- Develop and test conditional workflows, triggers, and advanced automation to meet client-specific requirements.
- Create and manage integrations between Copilot Studio and enterprise systems such as CRMs, ERPs, and SharePoint.
- Configure data connectors, APIs and leverage MCP servers to enable robust and secure data flow between systems.
- Meet with user management and staff to understand business requirements and determine system requirements.
- Work with customers to define and prioritize improvement initiatives and assist in building strategic roadmaps and aligning the business initiatives with IT initiatives to shape the IT vision and strategy.
- Provide work effort and cost estimates to business relationship and PMO teams as requested.
- Responsible for creating project solution proposals (including architecture) for SharePoint, PowerApps, and Power Automate projects and enhancements.
- Work in collaboration with other IT delivery teams to ensure compatibility of designs and consistent delivery practices.
- Ensure design and delivery of solutions compliant with IT General Controls and SOX.
- Responsible for overall quality of solution delivery and successful cutover and launch activities.
- Develop and implement strategies for system, data, and application integration, ensuring proper. identification, design, and implementation of interfaces.
Benefits you can look forward to:
In Clarios Slovakia we offer a wide range of different benefits that will boost your career and make your work enjoyable.
Individual
development
Special bonus
Extra
contribution
Home office
Flexible benefit
allowance
Regular exercises
Amenities
Events & csr
Housing
allowance
Complex onsite
care
Job Requirements
Powered enough? Please look if you fulfill the job requirements and let us know.
Bachelor’s degree or related experience in Computer Science, Engineering or related discipline.
Proven experience in designing and implementing large-scale, enterprise solutions using SharePoint, PowerApps, Power Automate, and Copilot Studio.
Experience with other Microsoft tools and technologies, such as Azure and Power BI.
Strong understanding of data management policies and procedures.
Automation and scripting skills using PowerShell.
Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to troubleshoot and resolve issues.
Strong communication skills to collaborate with stakeholders and end-users with global experience.
Ability to work in a team and manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Professional certification in relevant disciplines preferred: CISSP, CISA, CEH, Etc.
Strong technical and non-technical communication skills.
Ability to establish and maintain high levels of client trust and confidence.
Professional confidence to communicate with all levels of the organization, and vendors.
Ability to work independently.
Excellent English written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated detail orientation, project management and follow-up skills
Team player with a positive outlook, who’s also able to work on own initiative and be a natural problem solver
Experienced with working at a fast pace with changing priorities and deadlines
Willingness to travel internationally to support job responsibilities as required. (up to 20%)
I want to apply
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5196977
Dátum zverejnenia:
30.12.2025
2025-12-30
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT architekt
Spoločnosť:
Clarios
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/mesiac