Join us as Senior Mobile Developer in a new team!
localhost s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, agreement-based (Temporary jobs), trade licence
Start date
February 2026
Wage (gross)
From 4 000 EUR/month
Final agreement depends on your skill-set and experience. This is the subject of a partnership agreement during the selection process.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Do you have experience with mobile app development, React Native framework and TypeScript? Are you passionate about developing innovative solutions? Join our team as a Senior React Native developer and contribute to the dynamic world of software development. We are seeking an experienced individual who can design, test, and develop software solutions based on client or customer requirements.
As a Senior Mobile Developer, you will be responsible for the whole process of mobile app development, helping teammates and key features of the app/project.
​What You'll Do:
• Working on complex project, application systems and infrastructure components.
• Designing, developing and writing a source code for mobile applications using React Native.
​• Collaborating on feature identification and prioritization.
​• Testing, adjusting and debugging mobile applications.
• Helping other colleagues with difficult tasks and cooperating on various problems.
• Identifying potential issues and possible areas of improvement within the application and team.
• Keeping up with the latest technologies in mobile development.
​• Maintaining high standards of software quality by establishing good practices and habits.
Employee perks, benefits
• 6 extra days off: 3x localhost days and 3x sick days
• Referral bonus
• Benefit plus budget
• Multisport Card
• Financial contribution to Pension plan
• Education support (certificates, courses, trainings)
• Physiotherapist sessions once a week in the office
• Bonuses at every smashing life events
• Flexible working arrangements
• Transparent approach and communication
• Supporting your ideas
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
7
Personality requirements and skills
Experience you already have:
• At least 7 years of experience with object-oriented programming.
• Minimum of 5 years of experience with mobile development is a must.
• Experience with React Native, JavaScript and TypeScript.
​• Experience with maintaining of existing code.
​• Ability to solve problems independently and communicate within a team.
• Experience with public clouds such as AWS or Azure.
​• Experience with agile methodologies and CI/CD tools such as Azure DevOps and GitHub Actions. ​
• Knowledge of software development life cycle and agile software development methodology.
• High level communication skills and good understanding of Senior Engineer role in a team.
The best candidates will also have:
• Education in fields such as Computer Science, Software Engineering or other related fields.
• Proven experience with architecture decisions-making.
• Experience with automated testing and maintenance of existing code.
• Experience with backend development.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Join the digital revolution with localhost!
We're not your average IT company. As a team of passionate tech experts based in Košice, we've spent the last decade empowering global and local brands alike.
Our 100+ strong team of engineers is committed to your success, constantly learning and adapting to bring you the most innovative solutions and state-of-the-art software. Whether you're a startup or an enterprise, we're your trusted partner.
Reach out today and let's shape your digital future together: info@localhost.company
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Patrik Polák
Tel.:
+421905595022
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5197288
Dátum zverejnenia:
25.11.2025
2025-11-25
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Android Developer
,
Frontend developer
,
iOS Developer
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
localhost s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 000 EUR/month