QA Analyst - Military Training Simulations
BAE Systems OneArc Czechia k.s. - organizačná zložka
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
1.12.2025
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are a growing team based in Kosice (Slovakia), developing world-leading military simulations for major NATO powers and their allies. We are constantly looking for ways to advance the whole industry, using the latest technologies and trends (such as whole-world simulations, motion tracking, VR and AR).
Over the years we have established a well-oiled machine of QA processes. We want to make sure we do not stand still. Hence, we are looking for innovation and pushing our department even further with your help.
We believe in saving lives through simulations.
Your job will be totally different from what you expect:
We give you freedom and responsibility to do things well, support you, train you, and teach you. We have a relaxed environment where we aim not to limit our staff with too many regulations. We trust you.
We offer a wide variety of work and a crunch-free environment due to our products being developed as a continuous service. Also, you will not constantly do the same things over and over again.
You can directly interact with and visit our customers.
Our business has a worthy cause, the work we do has an actual impact on making the world a safer place.
You will be a part of a cross-functional team, and will participate in development from the very beginning of a project. Discussing the needs of customers directly with them, you will undertake analysis and implementation together with other developers and subject matter experts. You partake in proper project planning, learn about development, execute test automation, and do all that while overseeing that quality levels are maintained and that our customers receive a product they will love.
Do you think you have what it takes?
You know how to forge quality into processes.
You proactively take on issues and work to get it fixed, aiming for a long-term solution.
You are not afraid to talk to people.
You take ownership of your work, you are able to react to change, improvise.
You are not afraid to acknowledge mistakes, and you are willing to analyze them, and learn from them.
You have passion for what you do.
You are someone we can learn from. You share your knowledge and are hungry for knowledge.
Nice to have:
You have previous experience with software development, QA, QE or QC.
Scripting, coding, programming, networking, or hardware knowledge.
Comfortable with Windows command prompt and Linux bash.
Experience testing REST APIs (curl or Postman).
Basic knowledge of Wireshark.
Experience with game development or modding, no matter the scale.
Expertise in some area, doesn’t matter what it is, or how relevant it is.
Ability to plan, execute and finish projects in any field.
Interest in serious games.
Drive to make a difference.
Employee perks, benefits
We're not about all the hard work and no fun. Our office is relaxed, and we have no dress code. We do our best to look after our people. Below is a snapshot of the perks you'll get if you work with us.
Diverse, challenging, yet fun work environment with real-life applications.
Opportunity to work on top-of-the-line, cutting-edge products employed by military organizations and non-military users around the globe.
Use of the latest hardware and software technology (such as that employed in the field of VR).
Opportunity to use your skills even outside of your role, with the option to grow outside of your role.
Ability to influence how we do things and have a direct impact on our products.
Work with and learn from talented colleagues.
Full-time employment with a competitive salary.
Hybrid work environment: partial home office (3 days in office / 2 days home office)
5 weeks vacation per year + 3 sick days.
Various benefits, such as meal voucher allowance, Multisport or Pluxee, monthly office breakfasts.
We don’t offer just a job, we want to give you the opportunity to grow, and to move the simulation market forward.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary without school-leaving examination
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
BAE Systems OneArc is a defense tech innovator delivering synthetic environments to transform how we simulate modern battlespace. We provide a strategic advantage to counter rapidly evolving threats across land, air, sea, space, and cyber – at speed and scale. Building on our roots as a leading military simulation company, we serve the U.S., NATO governments, and allied militaries through innovation, rapid development, and partnering to deliver effective, ready-made products and solutions.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Petr Polivka
Tel.:
+420736214920
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5197613
Dátum zverejnenia:
25.11.2025
2025-11-25
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Tester
,
Quality Engineer
Spoločnosť:
BAE Systems OneArc Czechia k.s. - organizačná zložka
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month