Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
DevOps Engineer Professional for Cloud Application Operation
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 800 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 3 800 EUR/month.
DevOps Engineer Professional is responsible for entire lifecycle of Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment pipelines and Infrastructure as Code approaches. Takes account and defines automated configuration management, release management, build, test and deployment activities. Provides prototypes and concepts for further automation of assigned technology.
The Cloud Application Operation Team is a dynamic and skilled group responsible for the efficient and reliable operation of cloud-native applications within our organization. Leveraging cutting-edge cloud technologies this team plays pivotal role in ensuring the availability, scalability, and performance of our cloud-based applications.
Being a Senior DevOps Engineer within this team entails deployment, monitoring and maintenance of cloud-native applications by implementing best practices. With Kubernetes as a core technology used, managing, and optimizing Kubernetes clusters for application deployment and scaling is one of the key responsibilities.
What will you do?
Purpose
DevOps Engineer Professional is responsible for entire lifecycle of Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment pipelines and Infrastructure as Code approaches. Takes account and defines automated configuration management, release management, build, test and deployment activities. Provides prototypes and concepts for further automation of assigned technology.
The Cloud Application Operation Team is a dynamic and skilled group responsible for the efficient and reliable operation of cloud-native applications within our organization. Leveraging cutting-edge cloud technologies this team plays pivotal role in ensuring the availability, scalability, and performance of our cloud-based applications.
Being a Senior DevOps Engineer within this team entails deployment, monitoring and maintenance of cloud-native applications by implementing best practices. With Kubernetes as a core technology used, managing, and optimizing Kubernetes clusters for application deployment and scaling is one of the key responsibilities.
WHAT WILL YOU DO?
Design, develop, test and implement infrastructure for CI/CD pipelines.
Manage source code, configuration management, release management, build and deployment activities.
Setup and manage integration with partner applications.
Conduct of performance analyses and tuning as well as error analyses and troubleshooting.
Consult and implement new innovative technologies to satisfy innovation strategy.
Create concepts for further automation of services, processes and/or operating models.
Directly support the project teams in the development, quality assurance accompanying development as well as planning and implementation of product releases.
Continuously optimize the development and system infrastructure.
Provide consulting to project teams on areas of expertise also Prototypes/Proof of Concept solutions.
Research and develop in assigned technology, determines business requirements, propose changes and prepare implementation plans.
You will succeed if you:
Design, develop, test and implement infrastructure for CI/CD pipelines.
Manage source code, configuration management, release management, build and deployment activities.
Setup and manage integration with partner applications.
Conduct of performance analyses and tuning as well as error analyses and troubleshooting.
Consult and implement new innovative technologies to satisfy innovation strategy.
Create concepts for further automation of services, processes and/or operating models.
Directly support the project teams in the development, quality assurance accompanying development as well as planning and implementation of product releases.
Continuously optimize the development and system infrastructure.
Provide consulting to project teams on areas of expertise also Prototypes/Proof of Concept solutions.
Research and develop in assigned technology, determines business requirements, propose changes and prepare implementation plans.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
3 800 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 3 800 EUR/month.
Contact
Contact person: Anna Heveryová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5197626
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.12.2025
2025-12-23
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 800 EUR/month