CGI Slovensko
Tvoríme digitálnu budúcnosť
Sme popredná globálna firma v oblasti IT konzultácií.
Medior/Senior Java Developer
Miesto práce
Bratislava
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Termín nástupu
ASAP
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
2 500 - 4 000 EUR/mesiac
The base salary starts from 2500 to 4000 EUR/m. (gross). Final salary could be higher - it depends on skills and expertise of candidates.
Informácie o pracovnom mieste
Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednosti
For the needs of our current projects, we welcome a new colleague to join our team of Java developers. For this position, we are looking for someone with ideally 3 years of experience in Java programming.
Responsibilities
Contribute significantly to implementing and documenting technical solutions within a delivery team that includes scrum masters, product owners, architects, and other engineers (developers, test engineers, and technical delivery engineers).
Develop full-stack applications powering the terminal onboarding process using Java and Spring Boot.
Design and implement integrations via RESTful APIs and messaging systems for smooth communication between distributed platforms.
Support architectural direction and participate in solution specification, development, implementation, and delivery of new and existing applications or services.
Improve CI/CD pipelines through automation and best DevOps practices, ensuring efficient continuous integration, delivery, and deployment.
Ensure code quality and security, adhering to standards and OWASP principles.
Execute the full suite of development tasks in a modern delivery pipeline, including unit, component, system integration, and regression testing.
Create monitoring and logging solutions for state-of-the-art observability in production environments.
Participate in Agile ceremonies, code reviews, and technical discussions to foster collaboration and continuous improvement.
Stay current with emerging technologies, frameworks, tools, and programming languages.
Support solutions in production under a build-it-own-it model.
Zamestnanecké výhody, benefity
What do we offer?
• Friendly working atmosphere and a stable background of one of the largest IT companies in the world
• Support of your professional growth
• Certified learning programs
• Profit Participation Plan - participation in the company’s profit
• Share purchase Plan – the possibility of purchasing employee shares
• 25 days of leave for regeneration for everyone
• 3 sick-days for recovery
• 30 days of fully paid sick leave
• Benefit Plus Program for leisure activities
• Referral bonus for referring a new colleague
• Multisport card for sports and wellness facilities
• The possibility of obtaining an interest-free loan
• Language training
• Vaccination against influenza and tick-borne encephalitis
• Possibility of participation in various sports events
• Member Assistance Program - possibility of using the advisory services of psychological and legal experts for health, work, or other serious life events
• And many more…
Join us and find out!
Požiadavky na zamestnanca
Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelaním
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Stredne pokročilý (B2)
Ostatné znalosti
Java - Pokročilý
Spring Boot - Mierne pokročilý
Oracle SQL Developer - Pokročilý
Hibernate - Pokročilý
JUnit - Mierne pokročilý
Mockito - Mierne pokročilý
Linux - Mierne pokročilý
Bash Scripting - Mierne pokročilý
Docker - Mierne pokročilý
Kubernetes - Mierne pokročilý
Spring MVC - Základy
Java Message Service (JMS) - Mierne pokročilý
ActiveMQ Artemis - Mierne pokročilý
Restful API - Mierne pokročilý
OpenAPI - Mierne pokročilý
Vodičský preukaz
E
Počet rokov praxe
3
Osobnostné predpoklady a zručnosti
Must:
Minimum 3 years of experience in designing, developing, and implementing Java-based applications in an Agile environment; full-stack development experience preferred.
Proficient in Java (11 or higher) with practical experience using Git and Maven/Gradle.
Hands-on experience with Spring Boot, Spring Data, and Spring Web MVC.
Proven ability working with RESTful APIs and OpenAPI.
Strong skills in SQL; familiarity with Oracle DB and Hibernate.
Experience with JMS and ActiveMQ Artemis.
Practical knowledge of JUnit and Mockito.
Experience with Linux, Shell/Bash scripting, Docker, and Kubernetes.
Solid understanding of microservice architectures.
Experience working in AWS environments.
Knowledge of modern database technologies (relational and non-relational).
Good understanding of security principles (OWASP Top 10).
Experienced with runtime, build, and deployment technologies as well as tools such as Eclipse, IntelliJ, GitLab, JIRA, and Confluence.
Strong communication and coordination skills (collaborating with product owners, stakeholders, and technical representatives).
Highly organized and competent in problem-solving and finding solutions.
Nice to have:
Exposure to Spring Integration, Spring Authorization Server, Spring Batch, Spring Cloud Kubernetes, Spring Cloud Config, or Spring Cloud Netflix.
Familiarity with Liquibase and Kafka.
Understanding of tools like Keycloak, Fortify, WIZ.io, WebInspect, or Sonatype Lifecycle.
Experience with Helm, ArgoCD, Splunk, Dynatrace, Jenkins, Nexus, or Harbor.
Inzerujúca spoločnosť
Stručná charakteristika spoločnosti
CGI je popredná spoločnosť poskytujúca poradenské a technologické služby zamerané na pomoc klientom pri dosahovaní úspechu v ich podnikaní. Od založenia v roku 1976 zdieľame s našimi zákazníkmi ich problémy a poskytujeme kvalitné služby k ich riešeniu. 90 000 odborníkov v 40 krajinách sveta znamená pre našich klientov blízkosť, odbornosť a kompletné IT služby, ktoré naplnia ich obchodné potreby kdekoľvek a kedykoľvek. Ponúkame tak prístup a zodpovednosť lokálneho partnera, ako aj služby a schopnosti potrebné pre splnenie rozvíjajúcich sa potrieb v globálnom meradle. Naše pobočky v strednej a východnej Európe sa nachádzajú v Českej republike, Slovensku a Maďarsku. Zároveň pracujeme na projektoch významných organizácií v iných štátoch, ako je Bulharsko, Chorvátsko, Macedónsko, Čierna Hora, Rumunsko a Srbsko.
Počet zamestnancov
150-199 zamestnancov
Kontakt
Kontaktná osoba: Mgr.  Barbora Mohrová
Tel.:
+421911825744
E-mail:
poslať životopis
Follow CGI
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5197985
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.11.2025
2025-11-26
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Programátor
Spoločnosť:
CGI Slovakia s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/mesiac