Join Our Team as a Warehouse Management System Superuser (Maternity Leave Cover)
Place of work
Nitra
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 500 EUR/month
Basic salary 1500€ + 10% (150€) bonus
(A final salary package will be the subject of negotiations based on the candidate‘s experience)
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
JOB PURPOSE:
To provide essential support for warehouse management systems and related technologies, ensuring operational continuity and efficiency. This role focuses on resolving system issues, assisting end-users, and maintaining data accuracy while collaborating with IT and operations teams. By monitoring systems, troubleshooting problems, and contributing to testing and training, you will help drive smooth warehouse processes and reliable system performance.
MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Handle IT tickets related to WMS and operational systems.
• Investigate and solve WMS issues (user errors, system behavior, data checks).
• Escalate complex incidents to resolver groups and follow up until resolution.
• Perform daily monitoring of WMS, scanners, printers, labels, and system interfaces.
• Support end-users on the shop floor with WMS processes and system usage.
• Execute basic SQL queries to analyze issues and verify data.
• Participate in testing during system changes, releases, and new implementations.
• Train users when system changes occur and maintain simple documentation.
• Support basic IT tasks (accounts, access, devices) in cooperation with IT teams.
This position is being filled for a maternity leave.
Employee perks, benefits
• Working for a large international company
• 10% monthly bonus
• Fully paid meal voucher by the employer in the value of EUR 6,98/day
• Reward for employee referral (EUR 300)
• MultiSport card with a contribution from the employer
• Fully paid life insurance by the employer
• The possibility of career growth and education
• Working in a pleasant working environment
• Opportunities for personal development and professional growth are supported by the necessary educational activities
Further information will be communicated on the interview.
Information about the selection process
The personal data presented in the CV will be processed and stored by DHL Logistics (Slovakia), spol. s.r.o., DHL Exel Slovakia, s.r.o., DHL Supply Chain (Slovakia) s.r.o. in accordance with Act No. 18/2018 Coll. On the Protection of Personal Data as amended. The personal information will be exclusively processed for the purpose of selecting suitable candidates for the advertised vacancy. After the selection process or 6 months the latest after receiving your personal data all your personal information will be destroyed in accordance with the Law. More information on udaje.dhl.com
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Intermediate (B1)
and
Slovak - Proficiency (C2)
Personality requirements and skills
• Experience in warehouse operations and understanding of basic warehouse processes.
• Experience with at least one WMS (preferably Blue Yonder).
• Basic SQL knowledge (read/write simple queries).
• Communicative English (written and spoken).
• Valid driving license (B).
• Ability to work in a multi-shift environment.
• Good communication skills and problem-solving mindset.
• Other programming or scripting languages are an advantage.
Poslať životopis
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
DHL is the leading global brand in the logistics industry. Our DHL divisions offer an unrivalled portfolio of logistics services ranging from national and international parcel delivery, e-commerce shipping and fulfillment solutions, international express, road, air and ocean transport to industrial supply chain management. With about 395,000 employees in more than 220 countries and territories worldwide, DHL connects people and businesses securely and reliably, enabling global sustainable trade flows. With specialized solutions for growth markets and industries including technology, life sciences and healthcare, engineering, manufacturing & energy, auto-mobility and retail, DHL is decisively positioned as “The logistics company for the world”.
DHL is part of DHL Group. The Group generated revenues of more than 94 billion euros in 2022. With sustainable business practices and a commitment to society and the environment, the Group makes a positive contribution to the world. DHL Group aims to achieve net-zero emissions logistics by 2050.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Richard Čulík
Tel.:
+421917593694
E-mail:
send CV
Výhody práce
v DHL Supply Chain
stravné plne hradené zamestnávateľom
MultiSport karta
mesačné alebo ročné bonusy v závislosti od pracovnej pozície
dobrovoľnícke aktivity
možnosť kariérneho rastu
zamestnanecké zľavy
životné poistenie
interné vzdelávanie
bonus za odporučenie zamestnanca
odmena za odpracované roky
teambuildingové aktivity
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5197783
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.12.2025
2025-12-17
lokalita:
Nitra
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
,
IT System Administrator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
DHL Group
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month