Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior DevOps Engineer for Open Sovereign Cloud
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 600 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 600 EUR/month.
Sovereign Cloud is T-Systems' cloud offering for clients with high sovereignty needs. Clients in regulated sectors such as healthcare and the public sector are put in complete charge of their data – on an open-source platform, hosted in Europe. Our focus is to build new product – Sovereign Cloud within T-systems international cloud portfolio. DevOps engineer is participates design and implementation of Kubernetes based Platform as a Service offering to Sovereign Cloud.
As Senior DevOps Engineer for Sovereign Cloud you will co-creating next-generation cloud solutions, with the focus on EU healthcare, security and public sector area. Design and implement a set of sovereignty controls and measures, including encryption and identity management and control function over relevant parts of the Sovereign Cloud. DevOps Engineer is responsible for entire lifecycle of Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment pipelines and platform as Code approaches. Takes account and defines automated configuration management, release management, build, test and deployment activities. Provides prototypes and concepts for further automation of assigned technology
What will you do?
Designs, develops, tests and implements infrastructure for CI/CD pipelines and IaC.
Manages source code, configuration management, release management, build and deployment activities.
Setups and manages integration with partner applications.
Conducts of performance analyses and tunings as well as error analyses and troubleshooting.
Consults and implements new innovative technologies to satisfy innovation strategy.
Creates concepts for further automation of services, processes and/or operating models.
Directly support the project teams in the development, quality assurance accompanying development as well as planning and implementation of product releases.
Continuously optimizes the development and system infrastructure.
Provides consulting to project teams on areas of expertise also Prototypes/Proof of Concept solutions.
Researches and develops in assigned technology, determines business requirements, proposes changes and prepares implementation plans.
You will succeed if you:
have secondary education of Information technologies – Master
have experiences with ICT System – 4 years
have experience with Scripting (Bash, Python) – Expert
have experience with Linux Operating System – Expert
have experience with OTC / AWS / Azure – Intermediate
have experience with Docker – Expert
have experience with Kubernetes– Advanced (CKA, CKAD or CKS certified)
have experience with Git – Expert
have experience with Jenkins / GitLab – Advanced
have experience with Maven / Gradle – Intermediate
have experience with Ansible / Terraform / Puppet – Advanced
have experience with ELK / Prometheus / Icinga /  Jaeger / Grafana – Advanced
have experience with Networking - Expert
have experience with Security - Advanced
are communicative, team player and have analytical thinking, training skills and presentation skills
speak English – Upper intermediate (B2)
have experiences with Agile Methodology, Scrum and SAFe
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
2 600 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 600 EUR/month.
Contact
Contact person: Anna Heveryová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5197399
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.12.2025
2025-12-23
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Programmer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 600 EUR/month