Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Cloud Architect (Consultant) Azure & M365 with German
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 050 - 3 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Join the team at Operational Services GmbH, within Deutsche Telekom Systems Solutions Slovakia, providing opportunities for German-speaking talents in Slovakia. OS is one of the leading ICT service providers in the German market and is considered the backbone of digitization in medium-sized companies. With almost 1,000 highly qualified employees, OS develops and operates the most modern IT systems for our customers, ensures long-term system support, and maintains the availability of critical business processes.
If you are looking forward to be a part of English / German speaking, new-technology-looking team player, our team would be the right home base for you.
What will you do?
Design and implementation of technically innovative cloud architectures based on Microsoft Azure and M365 services for customers.
Planning, conceptualization, and implementation of cloud solutions based on Microsoft Azure and M365.
Applying your technical and conceptual expertise in migrating IT infrastructures and applications to Azure.
Executing migration projects for existing customer solutions to Azure and M365 services.
Supporting Azure migration projects until handover to operations and developing operational concepts in collaboration with customers and IT operations.
Developing hybrid solutions that effectively combine public cloud, private cloud, and on-premise components, leveraging your experience in the Microsoft infrastructure environment.
Utilizing your comprehensive knowledge of Microsoft products and solutions to efficiently design solution architectures, including expertise in licensing options.
Acting as an innovation driver by working with customers to identify the applications and benefits of new Microsoft features (e.g., in the Data & AI domain).
Actively participating in the evaluation of new M365 or Azure services to further develop our technology portfolio, in close collaboration with strategic portfolio development.
You will succeed if you:
Have Bachelor’s, Master’s, or Diploma degree with relevant professional experience or equivalent knowledge and skills.
Have at least 2 years of experience with Microsoft Azure and M365 product portfolios or hybrid cloud solutions in combination with Azure.
Are experienced (on basic level) with classic Microsoft products and technologies (Windows, Office 365, Server, Active Directory, SQL Server, Exchange, SharePoint, Remote Desktop Services) with proven hands-on practice.
Have at least 3 years of project experience, particularly in transformation scenarios.
Possess strong knowledge of applications, infrastructures, architecture concepts, and technologies.
Have an experience in Cloud Consulting (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS) and DevOps.
Have relevant technical certifications (e.g., Azure Solutions Architect Expert, Azure Administrator Associate, Microsoft 365 Certified Security Administrator Associate, Windows Virtual Desktop Specialty).
Possess strong technical expertise combined with high consulting competence.
Are strong customer-oriented and have an entrepreneurial mindset, with the ability to independently generate value for customers.
Possess strong analytical and conceptual thinking skills.
Are highly systematic and have structured working approach, flexibility, and commitment.
Have professional, trustworthy, and empathetic demeanor with excellent presentation and facilitation skills.
Have strong cooperation, teamwork, and conflict resolution abilities.
Speak
German
at least
B2
level
English language is an advantage (B2 level)
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
2 050 - 3 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Možná
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5197420
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.12.2025
2025-12-23
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Architect
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 050 EUR/month