Who we are
Company
Open Roles
17
Benefits
Early Talent
Back
Lead React Engineer
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Start date & Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 4 600 EUR/month
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Who is CAT Digital? What do we do?
Big machines require big thinking. Are you looking for your next big challenge?
Cat® Digital is the digital and technology arm of Caterpillar Inc., leveraging the latest technologies to build industry leading digital solutions for our customers and dealers. With over one million connected assets worldwide, our teams use data, technology, advanced analytics, telematics, and AI capabilities to help our customers build a better world.
Working with a Fortune 100 leader, you can build your career on a global scale and take advantage of development opportunities with emerging technologies. We’ve created an inclusive environment for you to explore your passions, make an impact and do the work that really matters. Join Us.
Job Opportunity:
We are seeking talented individuals to join our team to help us establish and grow our presence, organization, culture, which will drive our digital product development efforts. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies and collaborate with top professionals working on very high impact and visibility products. Don't miss this chance to join and support digital innovation for a global leader in heavy machinery!
What will you do?
As a Lead React Engineer you will be at the forefront of innovation, leading all stages of software development. Your responsibilities will include refining the product vision (from a technical point of view), gathering requirements, software system design, coding, testing, release, deployment, and support. This role offers a unique opportunity to shape the future of our products and make a significant impact on our customers' success. Join the Cat team and help shape the future of dealer-facing applications that monitor asset health, optimize maintenance, and drive operational efficiency. You will also be:
Designing, modifying, developing, writing, and implementing software programming applications for target systems using agile methods.
Acquiring client requirements; resolving workflow problems through automation optimization.
Writing source code for new applications, and/or generating and enhancing code samples for existing applications.
Utilizing automated testing tools to perform the testing and maintenance.
Mentor and help more junior engineers and provide guidance in creating structured application/interface code, new documentation, and guides.
Identify areas of growth within the team.
Showcase products and prototypes effectively.
Communicates clearly with stakeholders.
Stay up to date with the latest trends and advancements in IT development.
This position works directly with Slovakia based engineering leadership and Cat Digital IT in the US.
Employee perks, benefits
What we offer:
At Cat Digital, we are committed to fostering a culture of innovation and continuous learning, and we believe in investing in the development of our employees. As a member of our team, you will have access to a wide range of training and development opportunities, as well as very competitive compensation and benefits packages, like:
4600+ euros / month gross
Performance related annual cash incentive
Industry leading Pension plan
5 days of extra vacation above the legislative requirement
Attractive Life insurance
1 Volunteering Day
Multisport Card
Take the chance to apply now for this position at Cat Digital Slovakia branch!
Information about the selection process
Please frequently check the email associated with your application, including the junk/spam folder, as this is the primary correspondence method. If you wish to know the status of your application – please use the candidate log-in on our career website as it will reflect any updates to your status. ​
Caterpillar is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws.​
Caterpillar is committed to creating a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion, respect and integrity, customer focus, and innovation. For more information, visit https://www.caterpillar.com/en/careers/why-caterpillar.html​
Follow us on Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
What you have:
Decision Making and Critical Thinking: Knowledge of the decision-making process and associated tools and techniques; ability to accurately analyze situations and reach productive decisions based on informed judgment.
Effective Communications: Understanding of effective communication concepts, tools and techniques; ability to effectively transmit, receive, and accurately interpret ideas, information, and needs through the application of appropriate communication behaviors.
Software Development: Knowledge of software development tools and activities; ability to produce software products or systems in line with product requirements.
Software Development Life Cycle: Knowledge of software development life cycle; ability to use a structured methodology for delivering and managing new or enhanced software products to the marketplace.
Software Integration Engineering: Knowledge of software integration processes and functions; ability to design, develop and maintain interfaces and linkage to alternative platforms and software packages.
Software Product Technical Knowledge: Knowledge of technical aspects of a software product; ability to design, configure and integrate technical aspects of software products.
Proven experience with technical team supervision and contributions to architecture decisions
Proven experience with maintaining of high-quality code standards and development best practices
Strong experience with:
HTML5, CSS, Sass, Bootstrap
React, JavaScript, TypeScript
Experience deploying and maintaining software using public clouds such as AWS or Azure.
Experience with CI/CD tools (Jenkins Azure DevOps, GitHub actions).
Strong understanding of web performance, security, and accessibility standards.
Familiarity with backend services and RESTful APIs.
Experience applying generative AI tools (e.g., GitHub Copilot, Figma AI, ChatGPT) in frontend workflows.
Experience with agile software development methodology.
Top Candidates will also have:
Formal education in computer science, Software Engineering, or related field.
Passion for design systems, code reusability and maintainability.
Domain expertise in key areas of equipment, service, user onboarding authentication and authorization for large equipment manufacturing organization.
Experience with maintenance of existing code and automated testing.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Caterpillar
is a company of
builders
. Of
challenge breakers
. Of
innovators
who want to impact the world. Our people build and design the products and services that help
shape the communities
where we work and live.
We are building on our legacy and innovating for the next generation. One where
technology-enabled services
create improved outcomes for our people and the customers and communities we serve.
Our ability to innovate and build
begins with our people
. Our tech and digital teams are at the forefront of Caterpillar’s evolution – taking pride in
solving complex problems by building new systems
from the ground up.
On our team, you’ll
leverage data
from across our entire enterprise and
more than 1.5M connected assets
to solve problems and find solutions that open a new world of possibilities for our machines, our customers, our dealers and our business.
While the challenge is great, so is the opportunity. Working with a
Fortune 100 leader
, you can build your career
on a global scale
and take advantage of development opportunities with
emerging technologies
like telematics, data engineering, AI and machine learning, and predictive analytics.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Ľubomíra Jarošová
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
If there is currently no open position suitable for you, please submit your e-mail address and preferences. If a new position (opened in the future) aligns with your qualifications and interests, you may be contacted about the opportunity.
Send CV
Poštová 18, 040 01 Košice
© 2025-2026 Caterpillar. All rights reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5197687
Dátum zverejnenia:
2.1.2026
2026-01-02
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Frontend developer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Caterpillar Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 600 EUR/month