Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Windows Architect with German
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 050 - 3 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Join the team at Operational Services GmbH, within Deutsche Telekom Systems Solutions Slovakia, providing opportunities for German-speaking talents in Slovakia. OS is one of the leading ICT service providers in the German market and is considered the backbone of digitization in medium-sized companies. With almost 1,000 highly qualified employees, OS develops and operates the most modern IT systems for our customers, ensures long-term system support, and maintains the availability of critical business processes.
Purpose
Perform, coordinate and improve most complex activities (3rd level environment) needed to provide IT services and the supporting infrastructure in order to fulfill relevant KPI’s.
Plan, implement and maintain a stable technical infrastructure to support organization’s business processes.
Identify weaknesses in used processes and eliminate them following industry and internal standards.
We are looking for a senior technical expert responsible for the design and implementation of assigned technologies, software deployment, and data center operations.
What will you do?
Perform, coordinate and improve most complex activities (3rd level environment) needed to provide IT services and the supporting infrastructure in order to fulfill relevant KPI's.
Plan, implement and maintain a stable technical infrastructure to support organization's business processes.
Identify weaknesses in used processes and eliminate them following industry and internal standards.
Administrate IT operations of Microsoft Windows Server (Azure Infrastructure Services File, Print, Terminal, Cluster Services, Active Directory, DNS), Microsoft 365 technologies / Azure Active Directory , Azure Virtual.
Participate in the automation and standardization of workflows with suitable scripts (PowerShell).
Independently carry out simple troubleshooting or error corrections or their processing.
Process of order and change measures.
The team is responsible for operations in the data center, software deployment, and handling activities such as incident/change/problem tickets, as well as continuous improvements to services.
Work as part of the team or independently to implement and maintain solution.
You will succeed if you:
Have at least 3 years of experience with the following:
Microsoft Windows
Scripting (Powershell, Terraform)
Microsoft Server
Microsoft Azure
Active Directory (AD) authorization management
NFS authorization management
Have some of the following certifications:
AZ-104 Azure Administrator Associate
SC-300 Identity and Access Administrator Associate (nice to have)
Terraform Associate (nice to have)
Windows Server Hybrid Administrator Associate
You are experienced in implementing IT solutions.
You bring a hands-on mentality.
You are organized in planning implementation steps and align with all relevant stakeholders.
You are a team player.
Speak
German
at least
B2
level
English language is an advantage (B2 level)
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
2 050 - 3 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Možná
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5197422
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.12.2025
2025-12-23
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Architect
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 050 EUR/month