Full Stack Developer (Java,Angular/React)
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
2 800 - 4 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a Fullstack developer for an internal development platform, which is used to develop and manage it's microservices and big data applications.
- Main focus on frontend development in Angular and optional React to migrate the current frontend too.
- Partnering with UI/UX designers to translate design concepts into seamless user interfaces.
- Provide test coverage for frontend, writing comprehensive unit and integration tests.
- Implement self-service functionalities that cater to multiple personas (developers, product owners, business analysts, administrators).
- Java backend development needed for the frontend
- Work closely with backend teams (Kafka, MongoDB, Cassandra, APIs) to ensure seamless data flows and consistent user experiences.
- Participate in agile development processes, particularly within Scrum teams, to support iterative and collaborative software delivery.
- Collaborate closely with analyst teams to understand requirements and deliver tailored solutions for the internal development platform.
- Apply strong problem-solving skills with a proactive approach to troubleshooting and resolving technical challenges.
Employee perks, benefits
​- health care
​-work-life balance - sabbatical, paternity leave, contribution to marriage & childbirth, 4 days of extra holiday per year, contribution to the 3rd pillar, and MultiSport card
​- flexible working hours model
​- employee Referral Program
​- language courses for German & English ​
Information about the selection process
In case of your interest to apply for this position, please, send us your curriculum vitae on jobs@sourcefirstinternational.com.
We always have several positions for IT specialists in Slovakia, in the Czech Republic, but also on foreign projects.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
30.6.2026
(there are still 194 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our client is a provider of IT solutions, systems, hardware and software services in banking sector.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT, Informačné technológie
Personality requirements and skills
- 3+ years of professional experience in frontend development, with at least 2 years in Angular.
- Strong proficiency in TypeScript, HTML5, SCSS, a plus is ReactJS
- Familiarity with frontend testing frameworks (Jasmine, Karma)
- Experience in JAVA implementation of REST interfaces (optimal HATEOAS)
- Familiarity with Software-Composition- and Code-Analysis Tools (JFrog Xray, Sonar, Lint)
- Basic UX/UI design skills (wireframing, prototyping in Figma) – bridges frontend engineering with UX thinking.
- Advocate for user-centric design and experience, ensuring workflows are intuitive and efficient.
- Solid understanding of state management and responsive design
- Some experience in real-time streaming and data aggregation pipelines for big data applications would be a plus
- Fluency in English
- Willingness to travel to Vienna 1x/week (as business trip)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: IT Recruitment
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5197797
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.11.2025
2025-11-26
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Frontend developer
,
Java Programmer
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month