O nás
Voľné pozície
Benefity
EN
SK
Staň sa súčasťou tímu vizionárov
Vytvárajme spolu budúcnosť kybernetickej bezpečnosti
späť na voľné pracovné miesta
Project Manager
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/month
The final basic wage component can be adjusted accordingly to individual skills and experience of selected candidate.

Performance bonus 2 times per year up to 10% of the basic salary paid for the evaluation period (usually 6 months).
Contract type
full-time
We are looking for a skilled and motivated Project Manager to join and become part of our ESET Corporate PMO family
This role might be a great fit for you if you enjoy coordinating various projects, take responsibility for achieving goals, and you are not afraid to manage multiple project simultaneously.
In this role, you will be responsible for overseeing the completion of projects involving cross-functional teams from sales, marketing, finance, HR, IT and technology.
Your responsibilities:
To be responsible for medium complex projects
To set up and maintain project based on defined methodology and framework
To track key project indicators, report them to company platform and present the project progress to relevant board audience regularly
To be responsible for project documentation and be responsible to keep all project data up to date and in common storage place, e.g., Confluence
To actively seek for improvements and drive their implementation measured by individual and company goals and descriptions
To conduct and facilitate regular project meetings
To closely cooperate with project team as well as other stakeholders in order to deliver expected outputs
To create project plan, define project timeline, scope, team members, financial aspects
To specify and conduct project requirements and expectations, at the beginning of the project
To fulfil project goals from quality/ time and budget perspective
To track and consult risks and issues within the team and make them transparent and visible to all stakeholders
To drive change requests
Our requirements:
4+ years of relevant business experience
Master’s degree in a subject related to information technology or business administration
Project management related training/certifications are preferred (IPMA C / Prince2 Foundation / PMP / Kanban/ SAFe/ SCRUM)
Advanced English
Broader knowledge of project management, both agile and traditional ways.
Good understanding of project phases and project requirements
Sound experience with change requests handling, project proposals, risk register, lessons learned creation, stakeholder management and cost management.
Advanced user of MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and Jira/Confluence/Mural
Systematic and structured approach
“Can-do” attitude
Strong ability to think analytically
Effective communication skills
Kontaktná osoba
Veronika Jakubcova
Poslať životopis
BENEFITY PRE TEBA
Flexibilita
Firemné podujatia
Benefity pre celú rodinu
Šport a zdravie Wellbeing
A ešte viac…
O ESETe
Spoločnosť ESET je globálnym lídrom v oblasti digitálnej bezpečnosti a je jedným z najväčších dodávateľov bezpečnostných riešení v Európskej únii. Zároveň je najväčšou a najoceňovanejšou IT firmou na Slovensku.
Už viac ako 30 rokov vyvíjame popredný softvér a služby zamerané na IT bezpečnosť a ochranu podnikov, kritickej infraštruktúry a domácností z celého sveta
Okrem vytvárania bezpečnostných riešení pre zákazníkov je našim cieľom aj aktívne prispievať k inovatívnej a zodpovednej spoločnosti v oblasti
vzdelávania
,
vedy
a
výskumu
.
V ESETe sú diverzita, rovnosť a inklúzia (DEI) neoddeliteľnou súčasťou firemnej kultúry. Sme hrdým signatárom a ambasádorom
Charty diverzity
. Snažíme sa vytvárať pracovné
prostredie
, kde sa každý cíti cenený a rešpektovaný. S otvorenosťou vítame záujem jednotlivcov zo všetkých prostredí -  vrátane rasy, pohlavia, veku, náboženstva, zdravotného znevýhodnenia, či sexuálnej orientácie.
Viac sa o nás dozviete na
našej stránke
.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5197925
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.11.2025
2025-11-26
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
,
Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
ESET, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month