Senior Procurement Analyst - Power Platform Specialist
Job Description
What You Will Do
Collecting and analyzing data systems, procedural activities and information flows, and assessing the efficiency and costs of supply chain processes. The primary focus of this role is to automate and optimize processes using the Power Platform.
How You Will Do It
Develop, implement, and maintain PowerApps and Power Automate solutions (with possible use of Power BI) to streamline and enhance operations.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to gather requirements and design effective automation solutions.
Analyze existing processes and identify opportunities for improvement through automation.
Provide technical support and training to end-users on PowerApps and Power Automate solutions.
Active participation in User Acceptance Testings.
Ensure data integrity and security within the Power Platform environment.
Stay up-to-date with the latest features and updates in the Microsoft Power Platform.
What we look for
Required
Proven experience in developing and delivering solutions using Microsoft PowerApps, Power Automate and Power BI.
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Supply Chain Management, or a related field.
Proficiency in SQL, DAX or other data related skills
Fluent in English (written and spoken).
Preferred
Experience with dashboard creation, data visualization & modelling either in Microsoft Power BI or other tools
Knowledge of data integration and management within the Power Platform.
Certification in Microsoft Power Platform or related technologies.
Understanding of supply chain processes and systems (optional).
Experience with Datalake/Snowlake data model usage (optional).
Our benefits
At Johnson Controls, we believe your work should come with perks that make life better. After your first six months, you’ll enjoy a regular monthly bonus. You’ll also enjoy meal vouchers that you can use in the building’s canteen, along with retail discounts that make the most of our great location and help with everyday errands.
Our flexible benefits program gives you the freedom to choose what matters most to you. With over 3,500 options, you can tailor your benefits to fit your lifestyle – from gym memberships and multi-sport cards to medical coverage and wellness services.
Relocating to join us? We’ll support your move with a housing allowance, making it easier to settle into your new home and start your journey in Slovakia.
The gross monthly
salary for this position starts from 2000 EUR per month
, plus a monthly bonus that starts after your first 6 months. Please note this is a minimum salary and our compensation packages are based on your professional experience and qualifications.
Our Culture
At Johnson Controls you’ll have the opportunity to work on some of the most exciting projects in today’s market. Our hardworking people empower us, and we believe in being part of a team that is open, collaborative, results-oriented, hardworking and above all fun.
We believe that diversity and inclusion matter and make a difference. By embracing the true value of diversity and inclusion, getting comfortable with having crucial conversations, and valuing different perspectives, we will be one of the most desirable places to work.
#LI-JM1
#LI-Hybrid
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5198353
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.11.2025
2025-11-27
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
IT Analyst
,
Procurement specialist
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month