Systems Administrator
Košice, Košický kraj, Slovakia
Changing the world, influencing the digital future!
Expect more. Connect more. Be more at Diebold Nixdorf.
More than 160 years ago, we started by manufacturing safes and vaults - security is encoded in our DNA. We are pioneers in development, sales and service of ATMs, cash registers and self-checkouts, including development and supply of SW and HW. Our teams do everything possible to make shopping and paying as convenient as possible for users. We are the innovation partner for most of the financial institutions and retail chains. Together, we impact the lives of more than 75 million people worldwide.
Our solutions
connect the physical and digital world through cash and non-cash transactions
- quickly, securely and efficiently.
The Košice branch of Diebold Nixdorf was officially opened in November 2017. We are a strategic delivery center where experts work in the areas of corporate infrastructure, application management, information security, as well as in teams dealing with IT processes. Since its beginning in Košice, the company has established itself on the local market of IT companies, we participate in job fairs, we have established cooperation with many schools and organize a lot of activities for our employees.
As
Systems Administrator
you will provide ongoing systems administration support including installation, maintenance and troubleshooting of end-point systems. Operational responsibilities include remediation of daily incident tickets, system compliance, system run enhancement, testing, staging, policy / procedure enhancement, customer contact coordination and operational recommendations, creation of documentation.
Are you ready to be part of our friendly team? Now you have the chance!
WHAT WILL YOU BE DOING AS SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR?
You will provide support to address availability and reliability issues on various systems (Windows, Linux) across multiple locations
You will perform installation and maintenance for an assigned organization, location or line of business
You will administer development, test and production servers and endpoints, including reloading, re-imaging and debugging problems
You will install, remove and upgrade software packages on test, development and production servers
You will troubleshoot systems and host environments, identifying and resolving faults, inconsistencies and systemic issues
You will provide systems evaluation and operational reports
You will maintain required compliance reports and documentation
WHAT EXPERIENCE / SKILLS DO YOU NEED?
You have experience in Windows systems
You have knowledge of Network
You are comfortable with OS installation, administration, troubleshooting and command line
You are experienced with security applications
You have great understanding of systems infrastructure
Fluent communication in English and Slovak language
NICE TO HAVE (BUT NOT NECESSARY)
Experience with Linux environment
Experience with Symanthec Endpoint security antivirus
PowerShell or Bash scripting
GET TO KNOW OUR TEAM AND HOW WE WORK
You'll join the team of 10 colleagues, led by Barbara Semanova, who is also participating in daily operations what gives her the opportunity to fully understand team´s needs. We are a close-knit team that values strong collaboration. We strive to align our efforts, act fairly, and work together to solve challenges while proactively proposing effective solutions.
Starting salary from 1700 EUR gross/month- the final offer depends on proven experience
WHAT DO WE OFFER?
Prestige -
we are a Key Partner to Financial institutions and Retailers
Stability & perspective -
we have been on the market for many years and operate globally
Great team -
we maintain friendly and helpful relationships, we are not just colleagues
Future career -
you can become a team leader or specialize in your field, grow with us
Innovation and development -
we support individual development and professional training; experienced colleagues are also happy to pass on their experience
Remuneration -
in addition to fair wages, we have annual bonuses according to the company results
Flexibility -
we accommodate parents and support work-life balance. We offer flexible home office including flexible working hours.
Public transport -
we will reimburse you for a yearly voucher for Košice MHD / Slovak Bus Lines (AD) / Slovak Railway Transport
Time off -
5 weeks holiday + 3 sick days
Equipment -
of course you get a laptop and phone including unlimited tariff and data
Cafeteria -
you choose your own benefits; we will give you generous budget per year to your cafeteria account
Meal vouchers -
you get your meal allowance from day one
MultiSport -
we support the physical and mental health of our colleagues
The future -
we contribute to your pension insurance (III.pilar)
Allowance for working from home -
we contribute monthly to your home internet or electricity
Good thing -
we give you 2 days of paid time off for volunteering
Modern offices -
relax zones, gym equipment video games and great workspace with view on the city
Our success is never a job for one person! We look forward to you joining our team. Don't miss the opportunity to become one of us!
MORE ABOUT US
Why should you join Diebold Nixdorf?
Brightest minds + technology and innovation + business transformation
We have 23 000+ great colleagues in 130+ countries around the world creating technologies of the future, together. Our culture is fueled by our values of collaboration, decisiveness, urgency, willingness to change, and accountability.
Supportive company culture combined with internal training and technological facilities creates ideal conditions for professional development of each employee, meaningful and responsible work focused on the daily needs of our customers and, last but not least, opportunity to balance personal and professional life.
-Diebold Nixdorf is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
** To all recruitment agencies: Diebold Nixdorf does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Diebold Nixdorf employees or any other organization location. Diebold Nixdorf is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes**
We are a global Company operating in multiple Locations and Entities. As we are keen to find the best solution for our candidates several legal entities might be applicable for a Job offer. A List of our operating entities can be found here -
https://www.dieboldnixdorf.com/en-us/about-us/global-locations
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5198341
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.11.2025
2025-11-27
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Network Administrator
,
IT System Administrator
,
Systems Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Diebold Nixdorf
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 700 EUR/month