Oracle (ERP) Business Analyst
Location:
: Košice, Slovakia
Work Arrangement
:  Onsite
At SWEP, we believe our future rest on give more energy than we take – to our planet and to our people.
As the world´s leading supplier of efficient heat transfer technology, we are driving the conversion to sustainable energy usage in heat transfer. We are dedicated to constantly creating more from less energy, material, and space.
For us at SWEP, it's more than just a job, it´s a commitment to making a difference and an impact by finding new ways to make energy last longer – globally and locally.  We are striving for record-breaking growth and are looking for individuals who think like entrepreneurs, have an open mind, care about the environment, and want to inspire and be inspired. Come and join us!
Are you a motivated Oracle ERP Business Analyst professional with an analytical and process-oriented mindset? Do you enjoy using your skills and expertise to develop and continuously improve ways of working in a global and corporate environment with our users and customers in mind? Read more and apply below!
What you will do:
We are seeking a Business Analyst to develop and improve the utilization of our Oracle ERP capabilities and integrated systems, focusing on automation and flow efficiency. As a Oracle Specialist Business Analyst within Business Process excellence and Digital Solutions you will drive transformative initiatives to solve real problems and add significant value to SWEP Global Operations.
In the role, you will be expected to:
Collaborate closely with business users and cross-functional teams to identify and analyze needs and requirements.
Design functional solutions, implement best practices, test system updates and troubleshoot problems within your Oracle area of responsibility.
Bridge between SWEP Business and 3rd party support and development teams to enable SWEPs continued digital transformation and to ensure we do the right thing for the right reason and with clear objectives in mind.
Leverage your expertise in Oracle (ERP) applications within manufacturing environments to enhance operational efficiency, streamline processes, support our users and our business objectives.
This role is full-time and can be based in either Landskrona, Sweden or European Manufacturing Plant based in Kosice, Slovakia . We offer the flexibility that life sometimes requires, but we believe that collaboration and value creation happen best when we sit and work together from our offices.
The role involves 10-20 days of business travel per year. You will be reporting to our Oracle Business Experience Manager.
About you:
You have at least 5-10 years of experience in business analysis requirements gathering covering both business and technical needs.
You are proficient in Oracle applications and ideally In-depth knowledge of Oracle EBS Supply Chain, and Manufacturing.
Outside of specific Oracle ERP application experience, you have gained strong commensurate experience on other ERP Platforms such as SAP or Microsoft Dynamics 365.
You have a strong understanding of business process modeling and requirements gathering techniques.
Exposure and awareness to business change and transformational projects within a global operations environment.
You have excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to think strategically and interpret data to propose and make informed decisions.
Are fluent in English, both verbal and in writing.
In our team we believe in leading by example and supporting each other every day. We love collaboration, and most importantly we love adding value to our business and to our users.
To be successful in this role, we believe you:
Support and collaborate within the team to foster a culture of continuous improvement and collaborative problem solving.
Are skilled in stakeholder management and relationship building with exceptional communication and interpersonal skills.
Have a collaborative approach to problem-solving and decision-making with a focus on results
Are pro-active and self-motivated with a passion for technology
You are eager to learn and develop new skillsets and to share your knowledge with others.
To us, the attitude towards learning and finding new solutions is more important than knowing everything. However, if you have a lot of experience, we can give you a challenge since there is a broad spectrum of assignments.
We consider several job-related, non-discriminatory factors when determining the pay rate for a position, including, but not limited to, the position’s responsibilities, a candidate’s work experience, a candidate’s education/training, the position’s location, and the key skills needed for the position.  Pay is one of the Total Rewards that we provide to compensate and recognize employees for their work.
We are a growing company and a part of the Dover Corporation family. We are dedicated to supporting our customers with the optimal solutions and we believe in close, rewarding partnerships. We are represented in more than 50 countries and have production facilities in Sweden, USA, Slovakia, China and Malaysia.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, age, genetic information, or any other factors prohibited by law.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5198346
Dátum zverejnenia:
28.11.2025
2025-11-28
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
SWEP
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month