Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Product Owner
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 600 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
What will you do?
As a Product Owner, you will create and own the product vision and ensure that the product roadmap is fully aligned with the strategic goals of DTAG and its associated companies. You will act as the key bridge between the client and the delivery organization, representing the client’s voice and ensuring the optimal balance between their requirements and the product’s value.
Helps Telekom manage state sponsored projects in extending highspeed internet in Germany.
The platform is essential in entering project details and following with evaluation, managing entire lifecycle.
Your responsibilities will include:
Developing and maintaining the product roadmap to communicate product growth, align stakeholders, and secure or negotiate required budgets.
Working closely with internal and external customers to translate high-level business and customer needs into clear, actionable technical documentation.
Defining scope, Epics, and User Stories to guide Agile development teams.
Acting as the client’s representative, making informed decisions, performing trade-off analyses, and ensuring alignment with business commitments.
Setting key objectives and strategies, using data-driven insights to support product decisions.
Ensuring a strong understanding of end-to-end customer experience, including integration points and dependencies.
Collaborating with stakeholders in the visioning and concept development phases of the product.
Taking full accountability for the product, clearly communicating needs, and advocating for MVP delivery and agile transparency.
Maintaining and prioritizing the product backlog based on business value.
Serving as the primary contact for all product-related questions and acting as an ambassador both internally and externally.
Delivering detailed, well-defined specifications so development teams have a clear understanding of the desired product features.
You will succeed if you:
have good experience ICT System Engineering - 3 years
OR Project Management – 3 years
OR IT Business Analyst – 3 years
OR ICT Delivery Service Management – 3 years
have good General IT Overview
have good Development Lifecycle Overview
have solid communication skills (oral and written), and willingness to develop them further
have experience communicating directly with customer
have good Analytical thinking
have good Problem solving
have good Negotiation
have good Finance skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
German - Advantage - Intermediate (B1)
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 600 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Cecilia Kotercova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5198645
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.11.2025
2025-11-27
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 600 EUR/month