Senior Test Engineer
Ciklum
Place of work
Ciklum Slovakia, Obchodná, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
By agreement
Wage (gross)
2 800 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Ciklum
is looking for a
Senior Test Engineer
to join our team full-time in Slovakia.
We are a custom product engineering company that supports both multinational organizations and scaling startups to solve their most complex business challenges. With a global team of over 4,000 highly skilled developers, consultants, analysts and product owners, we engineer technology that redefines industries and shapes the way people live.
About the role:
As a Senior Test Engineer, become a part of a cross-functional development team engineering experiences of tomorrow. You will participate in an innovative product that facilitates work on many construction sites in the world.
Our client is a manufacturer of products used mainly in the construction industry. It creates top products and systems for measuring, drilling, cutting and other construction operations.
Responsibilities:
Derive test scenarios from interface specifications
Develop new test scenarios
Document test and results in the Jira system
Execution of manual tests
Test automation with scripting languages
Adapt CI System pipelines (GitLab preferred)
Run unit tests with CMake
Setup of electronic test jigs and monitoring infrastructure
Support developers to run automated tests on the jigs
Requirements:
Basic knowledge of embedded systems
Linux command line tools
Basic understanding of electronics (reading schematics but not soldering and no changes in schematics)
Basic knowledge of: C#, Python and C/C++
Upper-intermediate English level or higher + fluent Slovak language skills for clear and effective communication
What`s in it for you?
Strong community: Work alongside top professionals in a friendly, open-door culture that values initiative and empowers its people to succeed
Fast-paced & agile environment: Be part of a dynamic, fast-moving organization that champions efficiency and innovation
Global exposure: Collaborate with international, cross-functional teams and contribute to large-scale initiatives
Tailored learning: Boost your skills with internal events (meetups, conferences, workshops), Udemy access, language courses, and company-paid certifications
Flexibility: Balance office and remote work to fit your rhythm
Care: Take advantage of our extensive benefits offering, aligned with the best market standards
The salary starts from 2800 Euro gross. The final salary depends on the previous experience and professional knowledge of the candidate.
About us:
At Ciklum, we are always exploring innovations, empowering each other to achieve more, and engineering solutions that matter. With us, you’ll work with cutting-edge technologies, contribute to impactful projects, and be part of a One Team culture that values collaboration and progress.
Our Slovakia hub brings together passionate professionals working on global initiatives. Be part of a close-knit team that’s driving digital transformation and creating lasting impact.
Want to learn more about us?
Follow us on Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, stop by one of our IT meetups Nalejvárna.
Explore, empower, engineer with Ciklum!
Interested already? We would love to get to know you! Submit your application. We can’t wait to see you at Ciklum.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Ciklum is a global Experience Engineering firm that stands at the forefront of innovation, blending next-generation product engineering, exceptional customer experiences, and cutting-edge AI.
For over 20 years, Ciklum has been a trusted partner to global enterprises and digital disruptors, spearheading the creation of digital solutions that tackle complex corporate challenges while propelling businesses toward accelerated growth and success.
Its global team of over 4,000 highly skilled engineers, experienced design specialists and consultants joins forces to engineer technology that paves the way for the future of your business.
If you are looking for an interesting job opportunity and developing technologies that reimagine, reshape, and redefine the future, take a look at the vacancies at Ciklum here:
https://jobs.ciklum.com/offices/slovakia/
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Yaroslav Klivak
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5198384
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.11.2025
2025-11-27
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Tester
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Ciklum
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month