Unleash
Your
Power
About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Senior Business Analyst  - Veeva Vault
Apply Now
Date posted:
26.11.2025
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 3 083,33 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is €3083,33 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Senior Business Analyst - Veeva Vault
The Future Begins Here: At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
At Takeda’s ICC we Unite in Diversity: Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive and collaborative workplace, where individuals are recognized for their backgrounds and the abilities they bring to our company. We are continuously improving our collaborators’ journey in Takeda, and we welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our diverse team.
THE OPPORTUNITY
As a Senior Business Analyst, you will be responsible for gathering requirements for Veeva Vault Medical(MARV) provided by Medical Affairs. You should be proactively working with MARV Engineers, QA, and business to get clarification or details on requirements. You will need to create, maintain, and lead live trainings for users and do the demo to users on the requirements. You will need to provide training to other business analysts as well. You should have excellent communication skills and strong experience in SDLC.
Responsibilities:
- Understand how all Medical Affairs teams function.
- Gather requirements from stakeholders for MARV engineers .to build.
- Create clear and concise documentation on requirements.
- Collaborate with platform owner, platform manager, MARV engineer, business analyst, quality assurance engineer, and stakeholders to ensure business goals are me
- Train other business analysts and users.
- Continuously engage with stakeholders to demonstrate and validate developed functionality.
- Provide trainings to stakeholders.
- Thrive in a complex environment and enjoy working autonomously.
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to our Benefits page (button above).
• Cafeteria
• Medical - High standard medical care
• Bridge days
• Summer Hours
• Multisport Card
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
- Bachelor's degree in computer science, systems analysis, product management, or a related field, or equivalent experience.
- Minimum 4 years of experience in analytical skills and requirement gathering skills.
- Knowledge of Veeva Vault or any Content Management System functionality.
- Strong analytical, problem solving, and communication skills.
- Experience with process mapping, Business analysis.
- Strong teamwork ethics.
- Strong training skills.
- Strong knowledge of SDLC.
- Knowledge of Medical Affairs.
- Ability to write and speak fluently in the English language.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5198143
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.11.2025
2025-11-26
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 083,33 EUR/month