O nás
Voľné pozície
Benefity
EN
SK
Staň sa súčasťou tímu vizionárov
Vytvárajme spolu budúcnosť kybernetickej bezpečnosti
späť na voľné pracovné miesta
Security Sales Engineer
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 2 700 EUR/month
* Financial bonus based on performance paid twice a year up to 10% from the base salary paid during the evaluation period (normally 6 months).
* The final basic wage component can be increased accordingly to individual skills and experience of the selected candidate.
Contract type
full-time
ESET Corporate Solution division is expanding to key markets and we are looking for Cyber Security Solution Consultant to join our growing Corporate Solutions team.
Your main tasks will include performing requirements analysis and communicating them to stakeholder groups in an understandable way. To succeed in this role, you should have a strong customer orientation, natural analytical way of thinking, and willingness to take on new challenges.
Your responsibilities:
Closely & actively cooperate with CS sales managers & teams to cover & obtain technical parts of business opportunities
Be active part of the CS team:
As the security specialist the first contact point for potential clients in pre-sales and sales phase of business opportunity
Communicate with customers, map & analyze their business and technical problems/requirements/environment, and participate in the resolution of problems and requirements.
Propose & prepare solution design based on business, technical and functional requirements and user specifications and participate in the preparation of documentation.
If required – consult the proposed solution with ESET technology teams (solution architects, Product management etc.)
Responsibility for creating communication materials, training, and other tools to support change management activities.
Attend meetings and presentations led by senior colleague and actively contribute ideas.
Perform requirements analysis, record, and communicate them to the corresponding stakeholder groups.
Ensure solutions meet business needs and requirements.
Update, implement, and maintain procedures and documentation.
Our requirements for the role:
proven experience on similar position
Fluent English
Excellent communication skills
Strong customer orientation
Systematic approach and analytical thinking
Pro-active and good initiative
Ability to challenge status-quo
Willingness to learn
Good organizational and interpersonal skills
Ability to think out of the box and offer unique perspective to the client
Additional information: Required traveling: several 1-2 times a year
Kontaktná osoba
Nicole Vajdová
Poslať životopis
BENEFITY PRE TEBA
Flexibilita
Firemné podujatia
Benefity pre celú rodinu
Šport a zdravie Wellbeing
A ešte viac…
O ESETe
Spoločnosť ESET je globálnym lídrom v oblasti digitálnej bezpečnosti a je jedným z najväčších dodávateľov bezpečnostných riešení v Európskej únii. Zároveň je najväčšou a najoceňovanejšou IT firmou na Slovensku.
Už viac ako 30 rokov vyvíjame popredný softvér a služby zamerané na IT bezpečnosť a ochranu podnikov, kritickej infraštruktúry a domácností z celého sveta
Okrem vytvárania bezpečnostných riešení pre zákazníkov je našim cieľom aj aktívne prispievať k inovatívnej a zodpovednej spoločnosti v oblasti
vzdelávania
,
vedy
a
výskumu
.
V ESETe sú diverzita, rovnosť a inklúzia (DEI) neoddeliteľnou súčasťou firemnej kultúry. Sme hrdým signatárom a ambasádorom
Charty diverzity
. Snažíme sa vytvárať pracovné
prostredie
, kde sa každý cíti cenený a rešpektovaný. S otvorenosťou vítame záujem jednotlivcov zo všetkých prostredí -  vrátane rasy, pohlavia, veku, náboženstva, zdravotného znevýhodnenia, či sexuálnej orientácie.
Viac sa o nás dozviete na
našej stránke
.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5198504
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.11.2025
2025-11-27
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Security Specialist
Spoločnosť:
ESET, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month