Senior Software Developer
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
3 600 EUR/month
Freelancer's hourly rate to be agreed individually. The final offer may vary based on the experience and qualifications of the selected candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Would you like to create an exciting technology and work with other enthusiastic developers?
Bratislava-based company Frequentis Solutions & Services belongs to the Austrian FREQUENTIS group (www.frequentis.com), specialized in mission-critical communication and IT solutions, e.g. in air traffic control, public safety or defense.
​Work for an international technological leader and enjoy the benefits of flexible working arrangements and our focus on a good work-life balance.
Who We Are Looking For?
We are looking for two highly skilled
Senior Python Software Developers
with strong experience in designing and implementing software for complex and secure environments. You should be capable of independently analysing requirements, proposing system and software architecture, and delivering reliable, high-quality code. You enjoy working with modern Linux-based systems, understand security-focused development, and can confidently contribute to technical discussions and solution design.
We are seeking engineers who are proactive, detail-oriented, and comfortable collaborating in an international setting while supporting the continuous development and improvement of the
CCMS – Central Configuration Management Suite
.
Your main tasks in the project will be
Analyse, refine and clarify system and functional requirements
Design system and software architecture following security & safety best practices
Independently develop and integrate selected software modules
Define testing concepts and support test strategy preparation
Ensure high-quality implementation aligned with product standards
Collaborate with international development teams on planning and technical alignment
Your Technical Skills and Knowledge
Required experience
Strong programming skills in
Python 3
Experience with
Flask
or a comparable web application framework
Good knowledge of
JavaScript, HTML5, CSS
Expert-level knowledge of Linux
, preferably
Red Hat Linux
(ideally version 10)
Solid understanding of
Security-Enhanced Linux (SELinux)
Knowledge of networking technologies is an advantage
Beneficial experience
Ansible, Git, Docker, Jenkins, Blackduck, CI/CD pipelines, Kubernetes
Experience with software test frameworks
Experience in infrastructure configuration and deployment
Familiarity with modern Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) practices
Employee perks, benefits
Training and development program (business and product trainings, language course)
Employee referral program (financial reward for recommending a successful candidate)
Employee assistance program (legal, financial and psychological counselling)
Meal contribution fully paid by the company
Multisport card/Pension scheme contribution (DDS)
Flexible working hours, home office
Refreshments, company & team events
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Informačné technológie, Telekomunikácie
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Proven experience in leading or coordinating a development team
Ability to independently analyse requirements and design architecture
Systematic, reliable and responsible working style
Proactive problem-solving mindset and ownership of tasks
Strong communication skills and ability to work in a multicultural environment
Interest in long-term cooperation within a safety-critical domain
Technical lead skills
​
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Our Bratislava-based company FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is part of the Austrian FREQUENTIS group (www.frequentis.com). We are a leading global supplier of communication and information solutions for safety-critical applications, such as for air traffic control towers, public safety control rooms (112) or air defense forces. Our mission-critical solutions cover diverse areas, such as telephony and radio communication, Geographical Information Systems (GIS), incident and resource management, video surveillance and automatic video analytics.
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is specialized in software development and project delivery. Together with our parent company we are developing FREQUENTIS’ next generation control room solutions, using state-of-the-art technologies and processes. Our delivery teams then deploy those solutions at our customers around the globe, with responsibility for commercial and technical project management, engineering and quality assurance.
To grow our team, we are constantly looking for talents in all these fields. Our company offers an interesting and challenging technical environment, a people-focused culture with emphasis on a good work-life-balance and, if desired, a long-term development and career opportunities.
For our customers, lives may be at stake and seconds count. Our solutions thus need to be developed to the highest standards when it comes to usability and reliability. Safety is what guides us from the first designs till the final tests of any of our solutions. If those are the kinds of challenges that excite you, then you have come to the right place!
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Eva Lajchová
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5199250
Dátum zverejnenia:
28.11.2025
2025-11-28
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 600 EUR/month