Software analyst
SYNOT Games SK s. r. o.
Place of work
Kalinčiakova 33, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
1.1.2026
Wage (gross)
From 2 800 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Help us build and improve our software! We are looking for a skilled Software Analyst to join our innovative and growing team. If you are seeking an exciting place to work at, please take a look at the list of responsibilities and requirements below.
Your Responsibilities
1.	Manage and analyze project requirements; design use cases, activity diagrams, entities and their relations using your knowledge of computer capabilities, subject matter, programming languages, and logic.
2.	Maintain, manage and modify all software systems, tools, and applications.
3.	Develop and analyze functional specifications.
4.	Resolve complex issues relating to business requirements and objectives.
5.	Analyze, design, and develop modifications and changes to existing systems to enhance performance.
6.	Design efficient IT systems to meet business and technology needs.
7.	Coordinate with developers to build and implement technology solutions.
8.	Integrate multiple systems and reconcile the needs of different teams.
9.	Research, evaluate and recommend solutions and appropriate technology to meet user’s needs.
10.	Work with customers to maintain existing software as needed throughout their lifetime.
Employee perks, benefits
2 additional vacation days
Financial contribution for meals beyond the legal requirement​
Fruit days
Contribution to the 3rd Pillar (DDS)
Multisport Card
Teambuildings
Referral bonus
Informal working atmosphere
Flexible working hours
Home office possibility
Coffee and tea at the workplace
Discounts within SYNOT facilities
​
Expected date of completion of the selection process
1.1.2026
(there are still 15 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
3
Personality requirements and skills
1.	A minimum of 3 years experience as a software analyst or related function.
2.	A highly analytical mindset and ability to understand business needs.
3.	Excellent communication skills and problem-solving abilities are essential.
4.	Hands-on experience with technical projects is a must.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
SYNOT Games SK is a Bratislava-based team of gaming enthusiasts, constantly keeping in touch with innovation and striving for perfection. With more than 30 years of previous experience in gaming, we create exciting new casino slots with remarkable visuals and state-of-the-art technological attributes. We are striving to always provide top-level quality to keep the players thrilled and entertained.
As part of SYNOT Group we blend the tradition and experience with fresh and innovative approaches, together providing a full portfolio for both online and land-based operations. Our games are easy to integrate, infinitely engaging and available on multiple devices, platforms or languages.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Nina Tašká
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5199896
Dátum zverejnenia:
1.12.2025
2025-12-01
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
SYNOT Games SK s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month