Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia
O nás
Voľné pozície
Firemná kultúra
Benefity
Kontakt
Technical
AI SERVICES - Senior Data Engineer /KE/
We are looking for an independent and motivated data engineer who is not afraid of taking ownership of complex tasks, creates working solutions quickly, can creatively come up with innovative ideas, but also knows how and when to use already existing solutions. As a data engineer, your mission is to combine strong technical background with excellent communication skills to translate business requirements into robust data architecture solutions.
Contract type
full-time
Place of work
Košice, Slovak Republic
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/month
About
the position
Which challenges are expecting you:
Become an essential part of AI Shared Services team focused on building comprehensive data architecture frameworks and strategies aligned with business objectives.
Proactively identify opportunities to improve our data infrastructure and processes for our ML solutions by proposing and implementing innovative solutions
Develop and maintain our data processing and ETL pipelines.
Create and maintain data models, schemas, and metadata repositories to ensure data integrity and accessibility.
Integrate data from various internal and external sources.
Collaborate with stakeholders to gather requirements and translate them into effective data solutions.
Implement data governance policies and standards to ensure compliance and data quality.
Stay up to date with recent data engineering technologies and developments.
Provide technical guidance and mentorship to data engineering team members.
Write clean, production ready, well-documented and tested code.
We work in a HYBRID STYLE of working with the possibility of working from home , but twice a week we meet in the office in Košice or Bratislava for meetings.
The published salary is the minimum possible offer.
The starting salary may be higher depending on the extent of fulfillment of the employee's requirements (education, language skills, required practice, personality assumptions and skills).
What
we expect
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
Your skills:
Bachelor or Master of Science in Computer Science, Information Systems or similar technical fields
5+ years of experience as a data engineer, data architect, or similar roles
Fluent in English (German / Czech / Slovak is a plus)
Advanced database systems knowledge (SQL, NoSQL, database optimization techniques)
Strong knowledge of data modeling techniques and methodologies (dimensional, relational, etc.)
Enhanced practical experience with ETL/ELT processes and development of data pipelines
Extensive knowledge of cloud data solutions (preferably GCP, but AWS or Azure are also fine)
Experience with modern data warehouses (BigQuery, Snowflake, Redshift)
Advanced Python knowledge (OOP, design patterns, testing, good coding practices and popular data processing libraries)
Experience with using and/or building APIs and integrating data from various sources.
Knowledge of orchestration tools such as Dagster or Airflow
Strong analytical skills, ability to understand complex data structures and produce efficient data solutions. Excellent communication skills and ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders
Nice to have:
Experience with agile work (Scrum, Kanban)
Working knowledge of Gitlab CI/CD
Working knowledge of containerization technologies (Docker, Kubernetes) and related deployment tools (helm, jenkins)
Experience with data visualization tools (e.g. Power BI, MicroStrategy)
Experience developing and operating machine learning applications
Benefits
that make you happy
Annual bonus
Fully paid meal vouchers
Mobile phone also for private use
Discounts for selected Telekom products
Supplementary pension saving contribution
Cafeteria system of benefits/Multisport card
Sick days
Sports club & Health days
Teambuildings, summer & Christmas party
Opportunities for career growth
Referral program
Flexible working time
About
the selection process
We are dedicated to constantly promoting equal employment opportunities and are ready to make reasonable adjustments for applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in our job opportunity and meet our job requirements for this position, we encourage you to confidentially notify us if you need specific accommodations to ensure your full participation in our recruitment process at recruitment@telekom.com.
Snažíme sa neustále podporovať rovnaké príležitosti v zamestnaní a sme pripravení urobiť primerané úpravy pre uchádzačov so zdravotným postihnutím. Ak máte záujem o túto pracovnú príležitosť a spĺňate požiadavky inzerovaného pracovného miesta, odporúčame vám, aby ste nám dôverne oznámili, ak potrebujete osobitné úpravy, ktoré vám zabezpečia plnohodnotnú účasť na našom náborovom procese na recruitment@telekom.com.
Send CV
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5199000
Dátum zverejnenia:
28.11.2025
2025-11-28
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month