Azure Databricks Administrator
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
4 300 EUR/month
In accordance with the EU Pay Transparency Directive, the minimum gross monthly compensation for this position, determined based on objective and gender-neutral criteria, is 4300 EUR/gross. The final compensation package will depend on the candidate's qualifications and relevant experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Senior Azure Databricks Administrator
The Risk Modeling Platform (RMP) is Zurich’s strategic platform enabling Group Risk Management to evolve and run Zurich's risk capital modeling processes.
The RMP platform operations team operates both in-house and third-party applications on Azure infrastructure including Azure Databricks, Azure Kubernetes Services, Azure NetApp Files, Azure SQL Managed Instances, Azure DevOps, and other Azure services.
Analytic jobs are primarily written in R and executed in Kubernetes containers, with reporting via Excel and Power BI.  We are in the early stages of embracing Azure Databricks for analytics and reporting.
This is an exciting opportunity to play a leading role in the adoption of Databricks, while also contributing to the ongoing operations of the overall platform.  In particular, specializing in Databricks and data engineering more broadly while gaining sufficient knowledge of the rest of the platform landscape to provide coverage for absences within the operations team and contribute in other areas as needed based on demand.
This is a full-time position in the Bratislava, Slovakia office working with a multi-national team in Zurich, Switzerland and other locations.  English fluency is required.
The ideal candidate will have intermediate to advanced experience with the following:
Your role
We are seeking a professional with intermediate to advanced expertise in the following areas:
Linux System Administration – managing, troubleshooting, and optimizing Linux environments
Azure Infrastructure – networking, storage, managed identities, etc.
Kubernetes – container orchestration, ingresses, volumes, etc.
CI/CD Pipelines – Azure DevOps, GitHub Actions, and/or Jenkins for automated delivery
Database Administration – SQL Server and/or PostgreSQL
Programming Skills – proficiency in Python and SQL for data engineering and automation tasks
Azure Databricks experience is beneficial, but not mandatory
Other requirements
Min. Bachelor’s degree in a technical field, mathematics, finance, or a related field
7+ years of relevant experience
Strong collaborative team player
Solution-oriented and reliable person
Eager to learn and grow, with a positive attitude toward change
Employee perks, benefits
Working time benefits
Personal days off, Concentrated work week, Additional vacation, Home office, Extra days off at occasion of childbirth, Sabbatical leave
Monetary benefits
Life insurance from Zurich Austria, Compensation for salary loss during sick leave, 3rd pension pillar contribution, Risk Life Insurance, Meal contribution on top of the legally required minimum, Years of service bonus, Wedding bonus, Baby bonus
Other benefits
Edenred electronic cafeteria, Public Transport contribution, Maternity leave benefits, Company and team events, Free parking at the office building, Massages in the office
Learning/Development
Professional Certifications, Online Education Portals, Extensive Onboarding program, Strengths based culture (GALLUP)
Location(s):
Bratislava
Hybrid working:
It would be nice to meet you in the office 2-3 times a week, if you live close by. We are also open to hear your preference to work from home more often
Schedule:
Full-time, Slovak working hours
About us
At Zurich Insurance, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.12.2025
(there are still 14 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Educational Specialization
Information Technology
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
Information Technology
Number of years of experience
7
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Zurich is a leading multi-line insurer that serves its customers in global and local markets. With about 60,000 employees it provides a wide range of property and casualty, life insurance products and services in more than 200 countries and territories. Zurich’s customers include individuals, small businesses, and mid-sized and large companies, as well as multinational corporations.
Zurich Slovakia is a Competence Center based in Bratislava and Kosice providing highly specialized services for Zurich's headquarter in Switzerland and all Zurich Business units around the globe. Our services are focusing on all types of actuarial services – Life and Non-life, pricing and reserving, on data science and engineering, risk management, business intelligence, information technology, software asset management as well as insurance network management and technical accounting. Our Competence Center employs around 400+ staff from 20+ different countries.
At Zurich Insurance, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Nikola Bilkova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5200236
Dátum zverejnenia:
2.12.2025
2025-12-02
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Administrator
,
IT System Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 300 EUR/month