One bank.
Many career paths.
#makeITmatter
Chatbot Developer (all humans) #javascript #python #go
Location:
Košice, Košický kraj, Slovakia
Working-Hours:
fulltime_permanent
Division:
Customer Journeys
Company:
Erste Digital
Apply now
Make a difference in the financial life of millions of people: At Erste Digital you are co-creating the digital future, in which better financial health is possible. #believeinyourself
We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle.
Our solution is strongly connected to George, used in Austria by our internal employees and also our end customers. You will be responsible for developing, maintaining and operating customers or employees oriented Chatbots and you should be ready to learn new technologies.
What to do:
Text Data pre-processing (formatting, filtering, converting)
Design, develop and maintain a chatbot using internal framework
Stay up-to-date with the latest technologies and best practices in Chatbots development
End to end responsibility from design to DevOps on the assigned component.
You check these boxes:
Bachelor's or Masters degree in Computer Science or a related field
Experience in at least on of cloud-oriented programming language (Javascript, Python, Go)
Experience with cloud architecture, containerization and Kubernetes
Communication and collaboration skills
Very good knowledge of English
Why you will like us:
Possibility to benefit and learn from our international, talented and passionate community at Erste
Interest groups and clubs: Take part in discussions and get involved in projects. Numerous interest groups invite you to engage with a topic
Health Care – Taking care of your health is important. That’s why we contribute to your above standard medical examination and provide a helpline in case of hard lifetime situations. You also receive a salary compensation during sick leave
Work-Life-Balance – Sabbatical, paternity leave, contribution to marriage & childbirth, 4 days of extra holiday per year, contribution to the 3rd pillar and MultiSport card. This is how we promote a balance between work, leisure, and family
Employee Referral Program – Become a talent scout for career opportunities in IT. We are rewarding every successful referral for Erste Digital
A competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - we are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 2800,- gross per month for this full time position. But this is just a formality, we are more than happy to discuss your actual expectations.
The way we are:
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are
            proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual
            orientation or origin.
Apply now
Follow us:
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5200303
Dátum zverejnenia:
2.12.2025
2025-12-02
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
DevOps Engineer
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Erste Digital GmbH
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month