Who we are
Company
Open Roles
18
Benefits
Early Talent
Back
Senior Product Owner
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Start date & Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 600 EUR/month
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Who is CAT Digital? What do we do?
Big machines require big thinking. Are you looking for your next big challenge?
Cat® Digital is the digital and technology arm of Caterpillar Inc., leveraging the latest technologies to build industry leading digital solutions for our customers and dealers. With over one million connected assets worldwide, our teams use data, technology, advanced analytics, telematics, and AI capabilities to help our customers build a better world.
Working with a Fortune 100 leader, you can build your career on a global scale and take advantage of development opportunities with emerging technologies. We’ve created an inclusive environment for you to explore your passions, make an impact and do the work that really matters. Join Us.
Job Opportunity:
We are seeking talented individuals to join our team to help us establish and grow our presence, organization, culture, which will drive our digital product development efforts. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies and collaborate with top professionals working on very high impact and visibility products. Don't miss this chance to join and support digital innovation for a global leader in heavy machinery!
What will you do?
As a Senior Product Owner you will strongly contribute to vision and product development through high end Caterpillar product portfolio and be responsible for the following:
Managing the day-to-day activities of projects, including overseeing project responsibilities and schedules. Developing contingency plans for potential risks.
Directing and motivating project team.
Evaluating and managing deliverables to ensure that service expectations are achievable, developed, and met.
Providing support in correctly capturing work items in MS Azure DevOps.
Defining Epics and Business Features based on provided research and dealer / customer interviews
Assisting with product backlog definition and clarification.
Understanding capacity and resources for programs/quarters.
Estimating proper delivery dates on Epics and Features, incl. management of commitment to business.
Produce reports, status slides, production process documentation, status updates, etc.
Acquiring solid understanding of high-level project details and representing the team in variety of cross-functional status and planning meetings with wider organization.0
Working directly on complex application/technical problem identification and resolution.
This position works directly with Slovakia based engineering leadership and Cat Digital IT in the US.
Employee perks, benefits
What we offer:
At Cat Digital, we are committed to fostering a culture of innovation and continuous learning, and we believe in investing in the development of our employees. As a member of our team, you will have access to a wide range of training and development opportunities, as well as very competitive compensation and benefits packages, like:
3 600+ euros / month gross
Performance related annual cash incentive
Industry leading Pension plan
5 days of extra vacation above the legislative requirement
Attractive Life insurance
1 Volunteering Day
Multisport Card
Take the chance to apply now for this position at Cat Digital Slovakia branch!
Information about the selection process
Please frequently check the email associated with your application, including the junk/spam folder, as this is the primary correspondence method. If you wish to know the status of your application – please use the candidate log-in on our career website as it will reflect any updates to your status. ​
Caterpillar is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws.​
Caterpillar is committed to creating a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion, respect and integrity, customer focus, and innovation. For more information, visit https://www.caterpillar.com/en/careers/why-caterpillar.html​
Follow us on Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Background and experience:
Strong knowledge of agile methodologies and roles such as Scrum, SAFe, Kanban, Scrum Master, Business Analyst, and Product Owner rules and guidance.
Strong knowledge of production processes, quality control, and other techniques for maximizing the effective output of scrum/sprint teams.
Strong knowledge of business and management principles involved in strategic planning, resource allocation, and production methods.
Strong knowledge of computer software, such as Microsoft Azure DevOps, Power BI, etc.
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills and ability to engage effectively at all levels of the organization, to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Ability to work independently or collaboratively in a complex, rapidly changing, and culturally diverse environment.
Passion for technology and eagerness to contribute to a team-oriented environment.
Strong ability to work independently and good time management skills.
Strong leadership and mentoring skills are necessary to guide a team through production and research processes.
Top Candidates will also have:
PSM, PSO, PAL-E or SAFe related certification
PMI or PMP certification preferred.
Experience with UX/UI Design frameworks, methodologies, and design systems
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Caterpillar
is a company of
builders
. Of
challenge breakers
. Of
innovators
who want to impact the world. Our people build and design the products and services that help
shape the communities
where we work and live.
We are building on our legacy and innovating for the next generation. One where
technology-enabled services
create improved outcomes for our people and the customers and communities we serve.
Our ability to innovate and build
begins with our people
. Our tech and digital teams are at the forefront of Caterpillar’s evolution – taking pride in
solving complex problems by building new systems
from the ground up.
On our team, you’ll
leverage data
from across our entire enterprise and
more than 1.5M connected assets
to solve problems and find solutions that open a new world of possibilities for our machines, our customers, our dealers and our business.
While the challenge is great, so is the opportunity. Working with a
Fortune 100 leader
, you can build your career
on a global scale
and take advantage of development opportunities with
emerging technologies
like telematics, data engineering, AI and machine learning, and predictive analytics.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Ľubomíra Jarošová
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
If there is currently no open position suitable for you, please submit your e-mail address and preferences. If a new position (opened in the future) aligns with your qualifications and interests, you may be contacted about the opportunity.
Send CV
Poštová 18, 040 01 Košice
© 2025-2026 Caterpillar. All rights reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5200178
Dátum zverejnenia:
1.12.2025
2025-12-01
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Product Manager
Spoločnosť:
Caterpillar Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 600 EUR/month