Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Non technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Security Manager (PSA)
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 300 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
Implementation of the national, corporate or customer security policies and standards into company environment. Developing, implementation, communication and constant improving of security concepts, policies, processes and awareness in the company. Executes ISMS P-D-C-A cycle in his/her area of responsibility.
What will you do?
Implement the national, corporate or customer security policies and standards into company environment
Develop, implement, communicate and constantly improve security concepts, policies, processes and awareness in the company
Act as main admin with responsibility for proper configuration of respective Security Management systems and applications in his/her area of responsibility
Develop yearly audit plan and perform internal security audits resulting to audit evidence and mitigation plan
Contribute and support to internal/external/customer audits,
Identify Security incidents, analyze the root cause, resolution with stakeholders and evidence
Identify information security risks resulting to mitigation strategy creation. Formalize the information security risks in the corporate information security risk  management tool ( e.g. ISRM.xls or ISH)
Gather IT system-specific information (logs), analyze and measure implementation in case of non-compliance to security rules
Continue operation and improvement of ISMS in his/her respective area of responsibility e.g. IT Security, Physical Security, Business Continuity etc.
Create security related KPIs, provide tracking of KPIs on regular basis including trends, recommendations for improvement
Initiate and coordinate  security projects e.g. security awareness campaign, key consolidation, etc.
Responsibilities
(Privacy Security Management)
Specification and design of security concepts and architecture
Development of internal security requirements for MS products
Suggestions of configurations and usage of Microsoft tools
Understand security strategies for products ( Security baselines, Disaster recovery management, SIEM, Access management and Privilege access management, GDPR and data protection )
Collaborate with product development teams to integrate security into the product lifecycle.
Conduct risk assessments and vulnerability analyses.
Understand product infrastructure a help to identify security areas
Ensure compliance with industry standards and regulations.
Understanding of PSA process and tools
You will succeed if you:
hold a Master‘s degree - Information technologies
have experience in Security Management – 3 years
have equivalent certification e.g. CISSP, CISA, CISM, Security+, CCNA Security, CEH
Required Skills
Strong understanding of product development processes.
Expertise in Risk management and vulnerability assessment.
Excellent communication and collaboration skills.
Knowledge of security frameworks and compliance standards
Leadership abilities.
Knowledge of MS products and Azure (e.g. Microsoft Windows server/client operating systems, common office software)
Experience with Governance and policies
Experience with risk and vulnerability management analysis
Conduct Privacy and Security Assessments (PSA): Ensure that all development projects meet the highest standards for data privacy and security in alignment with Deutsche Telekom's policies.
Project Categorization: Categorize and assess the security relevance of projects to prioritize them based on their complexity and criticality.
Identify Privacy and Security Requirements: Work with security and privacy experts to identify and compile relevant privacy and security requirements, based on industry standards, vendor specifications, and legal regulations.
Collaborate with Project Teams: Coordinate with project teams to implement, test, and document privacy and security requirements for development projects.
Risk Assessment: Perform automatic risk assessments for unimplementable requirements, based on the protection needs of individual systems.
Action Plan Creation: If necessary, prepare an action plan in collaboration with the project team to address any gaps in security or privacy requirements.
Approval and Compliance: Ensure that all security and privacy standards are implemented in relevant projects and that projects are approved by security and privacy experts before going live.
Soft skills
Leadership skills
Communication skills
Negotiation
Languages
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other criteria or requirements
German - Upper intermediate (B2) - advantage
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 300 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Dana Dráčová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5200571
Dátum zverejnenia:
2.12.2025
2025-12-02
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 300 EUR/month