Software Engineering Team Lead
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 3 500 EUR/month
From 3500 + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you passionate about leading high-performing SW engineering teams and creating robust development environments that can power life-saving innovations in healthcare?
As the Software Engineering Team Lead, you will take charge of building, leading, and mentoring a team of SW developers and DevOps engineers. Your expertise will directly impact the efficiency and quality of products that help medical professionals deliver better care. This is a unique opportunity to combine technical mastery with leadership in a mission-driven organization.
Your tasks and responsibilities:
Team Leadership & Development
Lead, mentor, and grow a high-performing team of SW / DevOps engineers.
Foster a culture of collaboration, innovation, and accountability within the team.
Develop and execute training plans to enhance team capabilities.
Collaboration & Stakeholder Engagement
Work closely with global software engineering teams to understand their requirements and improve workflows.
Process Optimization
Drive automation efforts to streamline development, testing, and deployment processes.
Establish and maintain system monitoring, logging, and alerting practices.
Innovation & Continuous Improvement
Stay updated with industry trends and integrate modern tools and methodologies to enhance system efficiency.
Identify and mitigate risks related to system performance, scalability, and security.
Your qualifications and experience:
Experience
Proven experience as a DevOps or SW engineer Lead role.
Extensive experience in building and managing development environments for software engineering teams.
Leadership Skills
Demonstrated ability to lead and develop technical teams.
Excellent problem-solving and decision-making abilities.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills for cross-functional collaboration.
Experience with Agile methodologies and project management tools
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards:
starting from 3500 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of telework and work from office
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Counseling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5201083
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.12.2025
2025-12-03
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month