About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Robotic Process Automation Developer - Hybrid - m/f/x/d - Bratislava
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 700 - 4 500 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between EUR 2,700 and EUR 4,500 per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers:
•	the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, 
•	the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience.
In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits.
Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you excited about harnessing the power of cutting-edge robotic process automation (RPA) technologies to revolutionize and streamline business processes? Become a key player in our innovative Tech Empowerment & Automation Solutions team within Digital & Tech Asset Management.
About the Role
In this role, your primary focus will be on developing new automations of repetitive manual business processes, allowing your colleagues to work on the core business tasks
As a member of our team, you will:
•	Collaborate with stakeholders and colleagues to identify the right tooling approach, automation opportunities
•	Gather requirements and translate into design artifacts interfacing with other tools when needed
•	Design, develop RPA solutions for chosen process automations
•	Implement advanced use cases and build prototypes
•	Be involved in quality assurance process of these deliverables to ensure smooth deployment and rollout.
•	Maintain RPA processes to ensure flawless operation
•	Establish and manage the solution documentation
•	Stay up-to-date with the latest RPA technologies and industry trends
About the Team
Asset Management's Digital & Tech Transformation is enabling AM to become an AI powered, data centric organization by fostering a data-centric culture and ensuring a state-of-the-art tech and data landscape, while simplifying our platforms and making smart use of public cloud and SaaS solutions.
We strive to improve the way Asset Management teams operate by leveraging technology and best practice methodologies. From identifying opportunities and analyzing efficiencies to designing and delivering solutions, we take an end-to-end and holistic approach (process, technology, and customer experience) that drives qualitative and sustainable benefits.
We work in a scaled agile model with a shared leadership team and broadly aligned autonomy for our teams. We are located across the globe but share the same values of passion, openness, respect, humility, and curiosity in our team. We strive to improve the quality of our work for our customers every day. As a matter of trust, we give you a high degree of flexibility which matches your independent working style. Is this for you? Then we want to get to know you!
Employee perks, benefits
You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
You are a detail-oriented, responsible and collaborative professional with strong communication skills. You have a passion for automation and a keen eye for identifying process improvement opportunities
Essential Skills:
•	University degree or equivalent experience in a technical role.
•	2+ years of proven experience as a developer, with experience in designing and implementing automation using UiPath or equivalent technology.
•	Hands-on experience in Python.
Preferred Skills:
•	Knowledge of financial products.
•	Microsoft Power Platform experience.
•	Understanding of data modeling principles and SQL.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Juraj Naderer
Apply here
ID:
5201979
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.12.2025
2025-12-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month