Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Lead Data Scientist
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
We are seeking a Lead Data Scientist working in a cutting-edge European project aimed at reducing energy consumption in large-scale Edge computing ecosystems. play a key role in developing and implementing AI aand ML algorithms  to optimize the energy efficiency of edge computing infrastructure, including hardware, software, networking, application and connected devices as IoT and operational processes across the ecosystem. This role requires collaboration with internal and external partners and stakeholders.​
What will you do?
Develop and implement AI/ML models that dynamically optimize energy usage across edge computing infrastructure, including workload scheduling, resource allocation, and load balancing to enable a sustainability fosucsed orchestration for cloud edge computing and other IT eco systems.​
Leverage predictive algorithms to anticipate demand and adjust power consumption in real-time, reducing unnecessary energy use without sacrificing performance​
Conduct research into state-of-the-art AI/ML approaches for energy efficiency, focusing on areas such as green AI, energy-aware algorithms, and AI models that require less computational power​
Work closely with sustainability experts, product managers, and engineering teams to ensure AI/M solutions are fully integrated into the broader energy-saving goals of the project​
Evaluate tools and product in the market that can support the use of AI and data collection in an sustainability focused orchstration solution​
Implement AI/ML techniques that reduce the need for large-scale data transmission, such as edge-based data processing and federated learning, to minimize energy consumption associated with data transfers​
You will succeed if you:
Proficiency in AI/ML development tools and languages (e.g., Python, TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras).​
Strong analytical skills with the ability to derive insights from large data sets and apply them to improve energy efficiency.​
Excellent collaboration and communication skills, with the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams and external stakeholders Speak​
Passion for sustainability and a desire to apply AI/ML techniques to reduce environmental impact.​
English at least on B2 level and/or German language on B2+ level​
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 3 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Kiššová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5201828
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.12.2025
2025-12-04
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Architect
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month