Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Non technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
HR Data Analyst
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 450 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
We are on a mission to make recruiting, talent attraction and marketing smarter and more data-driven. As part of our dynamic team, you will design and develop data models and reports, integrate diverse data sources, and create and track key performance indicators (KPIs) across various applicant tracking systems (ATS), while understanding the business needs of our stakeholders. Your work at the intersection of HR, Marketing, and Technology leads to transparency, efficiency, and strategic growth across global markets which helps us to make better decisions.
.
What will you do?
Key accountabilities
Contribute to our mission of making recruiting, talent attraction, and marketing smarter and more data-driven.
Design and develop data models, dashboards, and reports that support informed decision-making.
Integrate and connect diverse data sources across internal and external systems.
Define, build, and track key performance indicators (KPIs) across various applicant tracking systems (ATS).
Understand the business needs of stakeholders and translate them into effective data solutions.
Deliver analytical insights that drive transparency, efficiency, and strategic growth across global markets.
Work at the intersection of HR, Marketing, and Technology to enable better decision-making across the organization.
You will succeed if you:
Required educational qualification and experience
Bachelor or Master degree in Data Science, Business Analytics, Computer Science, or similar
Proven experience as a Data Analyst, Data Scientist or a similar
Hard Skills
Tools & Tech Stack
Power BI (Cloud & Desktop) & UX Design Tools
SQL & Azure
ATS like Eightfold
Excel (with Pivot)
Mapp (Webtrekk) & Tealium IQ / EventStream
A/B Testing Tools
Jira
Dashboarding & Data Tools
Strong experience in
Power BI
(Cloud & Desktop): DAX, data modeling, visualization, integration and engineering, UX-focused dashboard building, visual storytelling
Experience designing self-service HR and marketing dashboards that combine
data
from multiple
sources
(e.g., Application Tracking Systems such as Eightfold and their data structures)
Ability to generate hypotheses, test assumptions, and surface insights
Hands-on with
Excel
, Pivot,
SQL
, and
data integration tools
(e.g., Power Query, Azure,)
Global Analytics
Solid understanding of
campaign structures,
recruiting funnels, KPIs
, and
talent acquisition processes
Experience aligning and visualizing data for
multiple countries and business entities
Familiarity with
job board analytics
(Indeed, Stepstone, LinkedIn etc.), sourcing data,
paid social media metrics
(Meta, LinkedIn, TikTok, etc.),
display/programmatic campaigns
and
website behavior metrics
Good knowledge of UTM tagging, campaign tracking setup, and attribution logic
Data Governance & Reporting Standards
Strong sense for
data accuracy
, consistency, and documentation
Capable of
defining KPI logic and metadata
in a clear, replicable way
Hands-on with
data validation and quality assurance processes
Demand & Feature Management
Confident in translating
recruiting business needs
into data requirements
Skilled in
prioritizing feature requests
in an agile and dynamic environment
Comfortable working with
product owners, stakeholders, and analysts
to scope and deliver new features
Feature Testing & Rollout
Ability to test and validate new dashboard functionalities before go-live
Experienced in
UAT planning and execution
, ensuring dashboard features meet user expectations
Experienced in
coordinating dashboard rollouts
and enabling user adoption
Soft Skills
Communicative & Collaborative:
You bridge the gap between business needs and data models and visualizations while also presenting complex data in a concise manner
English proficiency
You’re confident working in an international team
Agile mindset & organization:
You thrive in cross-functional, fast-paced environments.
Self-organized & structured:
You own your data stories from briefing to delivery
Analytical & Problem-solving:
You don’t just flag issues like bad data quality or inconsistencies, you propose and test smart solutions as you are having a product development mindset
User-focused:
You care about usability of dashboards and tailor them to real user needs, also improving the digital experience for future employees
Proactive & Curious:
You dig into data, ask the right questions, and enjoy experimenting
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 450 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Lucia Vajdová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5201049
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.12.2025
2025-12-03
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 450 EUR/month