Business Analyst
TechTalent s. r. o.
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
5 000 - 7 000 EUR/month
on a trade license or through a limited company – final salary depends on the candidate's seniority and experience
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are seeking a
Business Analyst
who will be responsible for gathering and understanding the business needs of our clients in FinTech. The Business Analyst will ensure that the requirements are accurately documented and facilitate the technical teams to implement the defined solutions. The ideal candidate will work with limited supervision and exercise independent judgment, consulting with senior peers on non-complex projects and learning through hands-on experience. This position supports a range of projects across our Acquiring solution.
Key Responsibilities
:
Design, implement, and maintain
POS terminal payment applications
for various businesses and acquiring institutions across the EMEA region.
Manage and own the backlog, acting as the primary point of contact for stakeholders, including project managers and product managers.
Define and refine user stories, conducting detailed technical analyses to align with the delivery roadmap.
Collaborate effectively within a scrum team to deliver end-to-end value for clients, embodying a team player mentality.
Provide structured and concise issue and stakeholder management, ensuring clear communication.
Anticipate post-production implications and assess impacts on all stakeholders involved in project delivery.
Minimize the need for multiple iterations of review and update sessions before client sign-off, ensuring clarity to prevent additional developer or tester questioning.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Information Technology
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
A minimum of
3 years of experience as a Business/IT Analyst in Payments, POS terminals, POS Acquiring, or a similar field
.
Strong analytical thinking and a technical background with meticulous attention to detail.
Familiarity with project management methodologies, particularly Agile.
Proven ability to gather customer requirements, analyze them, and translate them into actionable business processes.
Proficiency in documenting Business Requirements, Solution/System Impact Documents, and utilizing tools such as XLS, XML, Visio, and PowerPoint.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with strong organizational abilities and a customer-oriented approach.
Proactive attitude in meeting agreed deadlines.
Competency in project and process management.
Fluent in English, German is nice to have
5 days onsite in office
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
At TechTalent, we specialize in connecting companies with top IT professionals. We offer comprehensive IT staffing services tailored to the unique needs of businesses across various technology sectors. For IT specialists, TechTalent provides access to a wide range of projects across different industries, offering unique and valuable career opportunities.
Number of employees
3-4 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Šimon Sekáč
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5201651
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.12.2025
2025-12-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
TechTalent s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
5 000 EUR/month