O SPOLOČNOSTI
NAŠE SLUŽBY
PRE KANDIDÁTOV
KONTAKT
Python Engineer
Information about the position
Place of work:
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross):
From 3 600 EUR/month
final monthly basic salary is based on candidate´s professional experience, skills and knowledge *
Contract type:
full-time
Job description, responsibilities and duties
- Design and develop new  innovative applications
- Develop prototype solutions to meet these requirements
- Build new features and designing new application in Python with a focus on FastAPI, Flask, NumPy and in other programming languages /web frameworks
Our team provides comprehensive sustainability services, addressing a wide range of needs from regulatory compliance to leveraging tax benefits and managing supply chain risks. We harness advanced technologies, including AI and analytics, to deliver data-driven insights that enhance decision-making, improve efficiency, and accelerate sustainability journeys.
Our commitment is to help clients navigate evolving sustainability regulations, manage capital allocation, and reduce energy demands through innovative tech solutions. We emphasize robust sustainability reporting and independent assurance to build trust with investors and stakeholders.
As an AI Engineer, you will play a crucial role in developing and implementing tech-enabled solutions that drive sustainable outcomes and support our strategic goals.
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Other unlisted areas
* We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. Your actual final salary is based on your professional competencies, skills, qualifications and experience matching the position.
If you are interested in our offer, send your CV in Slovak or English to anna.spasova@prohr.sk. Please, specify the position of your interest in the subject of message.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Python - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
IT SW
Number of years of experience
4
Personality requirements and skills
•        B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Statistics/Mathematics, Information Technology
•       4+ year Experience in Python programming
•	Strong software engineering expertise in Python, with a focus on FastAPI, Flask and NumPy.
•	Experience with Databricks.
•	Proficiency in Prompt Engineering.
•	Knowledge of vector databases and embedding models.
•	Familiarity with frameworks such as LangChain, LangGraph, and LlamaIndex.
•	Experience with multi-agent libraries/frameworks like CrewAI, Autogen, and Taskweave is a plus.
•	Hands-on experience with Azure cloud services, including Azure Functions.
•	Familiarity with other cloud platforms and their AI services is a plus.
•	Understanding of data engineering concepts, including data pipelines, data integration, and data warehousing is a plus.
•	Ability to work with large datasets and perform data cleaning, transformation, and manipulation.
•	Experience with version control, small and regular commits, unit tests, CI/CD, packaging, and Docker.
•	Knowledge of AI ethics, bias mitigation, and responsible AI practices is a plus.
•      Methodical, organized and able to multi-task
•      Fast learner, self-starter, solution oriented and productive worker
•      Ability to work independently, as a team player and in a fast paced environment.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Pro HR, s.r.o. je personálno-poradenská spoločnosť špecializujúca sa na oblasť služieb recruiting & selection, executive search a HR consulting. Svojim klientom poskytujeme individuálny prístup k riešeniu otázky zabezpečenia kvalifikovaných zamestnancov. Pro HR realizuje vyhľadávanie a výber kandidátov aktívnym a priamym spôsobom prostredníctvom služieb recruiting & selection a executive search.
Konzultanti spoločnosti permanentne mapujú trh, poznajú aký typ zamestnancov sa nachádza v spoločnostiach s podobným zameraním klienta, príp. konkrétne vhodné pozície s ich náplňou a zodpovednosťami v iných spoločnostiach. Na základe ich znalosti je možné priamo osloviť potenciálne vhodného kandidáta s požadovaným súborom znalostí a skúsenosti.
Spoločnosť Pro HR, s.r.o. sa v oblasti vyhladávania a výberu kandidátov špecializuje na cieľovú skupinu:
1. nižší, stredný, vyšší manažment
2. špecializované pozície – financie, predaj & marketing, logistika & nákup, procesy a kvalita, project management & stratégia + support, CRM
3. IT/telco technické pozície, Help Desk pozície (IT a telco špecialisti, programátori, analytici, SW architekti, projektoví manažéri, atď.)
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
10-19 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Anna Spasová
Tel.:
+421 2 6241 3438, +421 911 525 022
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5201846
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.12.2025
2025-12-04
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Administrator
,
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Pro HR
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 600 EUR/month