Senior Tester - Backend Core
SYNOT Games SK s. r. o.
Place of work
Kalinčiakova, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
asap
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are a product-focused company looking for a detail-oriented
Higher medior/ Senior Tester
to join our
Backend Core
team in
Bratislava
. In this role, you’ll ensure the highest quality of our applications and services by actively participating in the development process, identifying issues, and helping shape the best possible user experience.
As part of a collaborative and creative team, your work will have a direct impact on the success of our products.
Your daily tasks will include:
Identify, log, and track bugs and defects
Test applications and backend services to ensure top performance and user experience
Perform a range of tests: UI, UX, functional, performance, and exploratory
Close cooperation with developers, creative team and fellow testers
Continuously improve and maintain testing processes
Occasionally write automation scripts to streamline testing
Employee perks, benefits
Flexible working hours
Hybrid work setup
2 additional vacation days
Fruit days
Informal working atmosphere
Multisport Card
Referral program
Bike storage with showers
Expected date of completion of the selection process
1.1.2026
(there are still 15 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary without school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
Slovak - Proficiency (C2)
Number of years of experience
4
Personality requirements and skills
At least one of the following programing/scripting languages
JavaScript
Python
Bash / PowerShell
C#
.NET
Experience with  backend and API testing.
Ability to write detailed manual test cases effectively
Ability to document new procedures in detail
Ability to create comprehensive Reports
Skill to test complex applications
Basic knowledge of TFS/Azure DevOps or JIRA
API testing experience (postman)
Experience with IIS
Critical thinker with excellent problem-solving skills
Good scripting knowledge (bash, PowerShell)
Nice to Have
Experience in a leadership role
Understanding of databases beyond basic SQL
Knowledge of virtualization and Docker
Exposure to test automation and tools like Gatling
Experience with load testing or performance testing
ISTQB certification is a plus
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
SYNOT Games SK is a Bratislava-based team of gaming enthusiasts, constantly keeping in touch with innovation and striving for perfection. With more than 30 years of previous experience in gaming, we create exciting new casino slots with remarkable visuals and state-of-the-art technological attributes. We are striving to always provide top-level quality to keep the players thrilled and entertained.
As part of SYNOT Group we blend the tradition and experience with fresh and innovative approaches, together providing a full portfolio for both online and land-based operations. Our games are easy to integrate, infinitely engaging and available on multiple devices, platforms or languages.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Nina Tašká
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5201048
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.12.2025
2025-12-03
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
SYNOT Games SK s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month