O SPOLOČNOSTI
NAŠE SLUŽBY
PRE KANDIDÁTOV
KONTAKT
Java Developer (Cloud)
Information about the position
Place of work:
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross):
From 3 200 EUR/month
(final monthly basic salary is based on candidate´s professional experience, skills and knowledge)
Contract type:
full-time
Job description, responsibilities and duties
•	Platform application’s design, development (Java 21) and configuration, automation practices, including proficiency with CI/CD tools, Git and a strong using of DevOps tools.
•      Develop and maintain build environment, tools and continuous integration and delivery systems
•	AWS
•	Python
•	Mongo-DB (optional)
•	DevOps Working Model
•	Cloud Native Applications
•	Container Technology
•	Microservice Architecture
•       Cooperation with SCRUM Team and the project owner
•	Cooperation with SW team leader, architect and operation manager
•	Define and develop user interfaces to backend systems in close relationship with the respective system owners.
•	Analysis of technical problems
•	Anticipate Cloud application project requirements and propose component development.
•	Ensure documentation for components/projects
•	Support the components/projects owner in resolving of technical issues
Employee perks, benefits
	dynamic and multicultural work environment
	latest knowledge, methods and tools, and training to support those
	large company benefits and career possibilities
	good team spirit
Information about the selection process
* We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. Your actual final salary is based on your professional competencies, skills, qualifications and experience matching the position.
If you are interested in our offer, send your CV in Slovak or English to anna.spasova@prohr.sk. Please, specify the position of your interest in the subject of message.
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
International company
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Experience in the position/sector
IT Development
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
• University education (Master's degree) - technical, IT
• Language skills: English language - advanced
At least 3 years of experience in software development Java language based software development Java 21+, Spring Boot,  Oracle DB,  Cloud AWS,  Docker, automation practices, including proficiency with CI/CD tools, and  DevOps tools
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Pro HR, s.r.o. je personálno-poradenská spoločnosť špecializujúca sa na oblasť služieb recruiting & selection, executive search a HR consulting. Svojim klientom poskytujeme individuálny prístup k riešeniu otázky zabezpečenia kvalifikovaných zamestnancov. Pro HR realizuje vyhľadávanie a výber kandidátov aktívnym a priamym spôsobom prostredníctvom služieb recruiting & selection a executive search.
Konzultanti spoločnosti permanentne mapujú trh, poznajú aký typ zamestnancov sa nachádza v spoločnostiach s podobným zameraním klienta, príp. konkrétne vhodné pozície s ich náplňou a zodpovednosťami v iných spoločnostiach. Na základe ich znalosti je možné priamo osloviť potenciálne vhodného kandidáta s požadovaným súborom znalostí a skúsenosti.
Spoločnosť Pro HR, s.r.o. sa v oblasti vyhladávania a výberu kandidátov špecializuje na cieľovú skupinu:
1. nižší, stredný, vyšší manažment
2. špecializované pozície – financie, predaj & marketing, logistika & nákup, procesy a kvalita, project management & stratégia + support, CRM
3. IT/telco technické pozície, Help Desk pozície (IT a telco špecialisti, programátori, analytici, SW architekti, projektoví manažéri, atď.)
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
10-19 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Anna Spasová
Tel.:
+421 2 6241 3438, +421 911 525 022
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5201849
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.12.2025
2025-12-04
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Architect
,
Java Programmer
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Pro HR
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 200 EUR/month