Applications Specialist - full remote for our company in Germany
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Plat
2 500 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join our innovative team as an Applications Specialist and make a real impact on how technology drives our business!
Your Responsibilities:
Manage, support, and optimize business applications with a focus on Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central
Provide technical and functional support to end users, including troubleshooting and issue resolution
Collaborate closely with IT and business teams to analyze, implement and enhance application processes
Ensure the integrity, security and compliance of data within business applications
Support system upgrades, patches and maintenance activities to ensure optimal performance
Develop and maintain documentation for system processes and user guidelines
Train and assist users on best practices for using business applications
Your Profile:
Proven experience in application support and management, ideally within a manufacturing or industrial environment
Strong technical expertise in ERP systems (Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central) – minimum 5 years of experience
Understanding of software integration, data management, and system operations
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills
Strong communication and collaboration abilities with both IT and business users
Occasional On-site presence in Bomlitz (Germany)
Our Offer:
This is a permanent, full-time position offering a responsible role in a dynamic environment. You can expect short decision-making paths, plenty of creative freedom, and collective agreement-based compensation including numerous benefits such as supplementary health services, a 13th-month salary, additional long-term care insurance, and much more.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
The Plant 14. Oktobar https://www.14oktobar.rs/ is in Kruševac and is all over the world well known manufacturer of open pits equipment. Buyers appreciate our high quality solutions from project over the production to construction. Main product categories include: welded steel structures, cranes, bridges, machines for mines, gear units, axial bearings of big diameter, power units components like hydrodynamic couplings, transporters and special purpose machines. The plant is also producing metal parts for tank, artillery, mortar ammunition and missiles since 1995. The program includes standard caliber from 60mm to 128mm, which is technologically conquered and the production of multi-part shell bodies for caliber from 130mm to 155mm. Our impressive offer of services include high precision metal processing and high quality heat treatment techniques. Products portfolio is complemented with Tatra trucks equipped with different types of superstructures and unstoppable fire-fighting Tatra vehicles.
Informácie o spracovaní osobných údajov
Informácie o spracovaní osobných údajov nájdete
na tomto odkaze
.
V zmysle čl. 21, ods. 4 GDPR Vás týmto informujeme, že ako dotknutá osoba, ktorej osobné údaje spracúvame, máte právo namietať proti takémuto spracúvaniu. Podrobnosti sú uvedené vo vyššie uvedenej informácii o spracovaní osobných údajov. Reakciou na tento inzerát potvrdzujete, že ste sa oboznámili s informáciou o spracovaní Vašich osobných údajov.
Kontakt
Contact person: Marcela Janičíková
E-mail:
send CV
dolepsejprace.sk
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5201661
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.12.2025
2025-12-04
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Manager
,
IT Network Administrator
,
IT Project Manager
,
IT Security Specialist
Spoločnosť:
MSM GROUP s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month