Data analyst junior
Voxwise s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
part-time
Start date
upon agreement
Wage (gross)
From 8 EUR/hour
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
At Voxwise, we transform customer data into actionable insights, driving customer retention and profitability for leading global brands. Our innovative solutions empower businesses to make data-driven decisions and build stronger customer relationships. We are expanding our team and seeking a talented Junior Data Analyst to contribute to our continued success.
As a Junior Data Analyst at Voxwise, you will play a key role in ensuring the smooth operation and client satisfaction of our Voxwise Shield product. You will be responsible for running regular weekly protocols, reports and dashboards, generating insightful client outputs, and setting up initial plug-and-play dashboards. This position offers an excellent opportunity to develop your data analytical skills and ability to read and interpret those outputs and gain hands-on experience in the field of customer data consultancy.
WHAT WILL BE YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES?
Run regular weekly protocols for the Voxwise Shield product, ensuring data accuracy and timely delivery.
Analyze data and create clear, concise outputs for clients, highlighting areas for improvement and potential issues.
Set up predefined plug-and-play dashboards during the initial client integration process, ensuring seamless data visualization.
Collaborate with senior consultants to understand client needs and contribute to the design of effective solutions.
Assist in data analysis, visualization, and reporting tasks as needed.
Contribute to the continuous improvement of our data analysis processes and tools, using AI automations as well.
Employee perks, benefits
​
Advising global companies on how to use customer data
Creative work with data, which brings visible results
You look at the world from different perspective
Top-class team to work with
Flexibility
Modern tools and environment
Team events
Espresso, Moccamaster filter
Open feedback culture
Fresh fruits and veggies on a daily basis
​
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Excel - Advanced
SQL - Skillful
Python - Basic
Personality requirements and skills
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
MS Excel/Google sheets - advanced
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Detail-oriented with a focus on accuracy
Basic understanding of data analysis concepts and tools
Interest in learning and developing skills in customer data consultancy
Ability to use common sense and not overcomplicate the solution
English at least on B2 level - communication with the client first written for, later meetings
​
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Voxwise is a Slovak company with more than 10 years of history in customer data analysis, creating loyalty programs and pricing solutions. Our specialists work primarily with the data of prestigious foreign clients, mainly from the UK and Saudi Arabia, from various business sectors, helping them make better decisions, with the aim of increasing their profits. Our ambition is to continuously expand into foreign markets and build an excellent reputation, especially with foreign clients. We have the international award Loyalty Awards London in data processing in CRM. Our Voxwise team combines humanness, collaboration, and result orientation. Ambition and an emphasis on innovation go hand in hand with being clear-headed. We think big, but we live in reality.
Contact
Contact person: Eva Sebök
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5202660
Dátum zverejnenia:
8.12.2025
2025-12-08
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Voxwise s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
8 EUR/hour