Solution Architect (NET, React, Azure)
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
Based on agreement
Wage (gross)
From 3 800 EUR/month
The final salary offered will depend on the candidate's experience and knowledge + attractive benefit system of the company.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for an experienced Solution Architect.
Responsibilities:
-Define and oversee the design and architecture of cutting-edge applications, ensuring adherence to best practices and industry standards.
-Utilize your expertise in React, .NET, SQL, Azure platform, Azure DevOps, and Rest APIs to design robust and scalable solutions.
-Collaborate with international and distributed teams, other software architects, project manager and project delivery lead coordinating efforts and ensuring effective communication across different time zones.
-Work closely with stakeholders to understand business requirements and translate them into technical specifications and architectural designs.
-Continuously evaluate and adopt new technologies and tools to enhance the development process and improve efficiency.
-Design secure and reliable solutions including disaster recovery and backups.
-Develop and maintain architectural documentation and standards.
-Ensure the reusability of system components across different projects and business units.
Employee perks, benefits
- home-office
- flexibility
- coffee and tea for free
- language courses
- business trips
Information about the selection process
Please send your CV to tomas.simander@sourcefirstinternational.com
We always have several positions for IT Specialists not only in Slovakia and the Czech Republic, but also on foreign projects.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.12.2025
(there are still 14 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our client is a leading global tech company and provides a wide range of products and services.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Personality requirements and skills
-Minimum of 5 years of experience in a similar role, with a strong background in software architecture and design.
-Strong knowledge of modern application design principles and practices.
-Proficiency in React, .NET, Azure platform, Azure DevOps, and Rest APIs.
-Experience working in international and distributed teams, with excellent communication and coordination skills.
-Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to think critically and strategically.
-Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field (or equivalent experience).
-Experience in the insurance or financial services industry.
-Familiarity with Agile/Scrum methodologies.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Tomas Simander
Tel.:
+421909114115
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5202740
Dátum zverejnenia:
8.12.2025
2025-12-08
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
,
Backend developer
,
C# Programmer
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 800 EUR/month