Senior WordPress Developer
Servers.com
Miesto práce
Práca z domu
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok, živnosť
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
2 000 EUR/mesiac
Informácie o pracovnom mieste
Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednosti
This role is responsible for developing code that can withstand high profile sites and intense loads. You will collaborate with a cross-functional team to architect and develop durable, extensible, and secure code. This role requires expert level PHP, CSS, JavaScript, & HTML; impeccable WordPress experience; a solid understanding of frontend and backend technologies; automated testing, and CLI skills.
Responsibilities:
Develop new software solutions and maintain existing applications
Work with stakeholders to understand requirements and objectives
Create, review, and update technical documentation
Keep apprised of relevant new technology and best practices
Write tests to validate code function
Execute bug fixes
Measure results of implemented solutions
Participate in troubleshooting/triaging of issues and document them appropriately
Skills, Competencies, and Qualifications:
5+ years Experience in the WordPress space
2+ years focused on leading the technical direction of a team and mentoring
2+ years developing with React
Thorough knowledge of the product development life cycle
Exceptional organizational and communication skills
Skilled at crafting modern PHP (ex: autoloading, dependency management, dependency injection, templating libraries, automated testing, OOP, and/or frameworks like Symfony or Laravel, etc.)
Mid to advanced level vanilla JavaScript experience (including experience with webpack, babel, and ES2015+ syntax)
Exceptional HTML & CSS (including experience with PostCSS or Sass and BEM) skills
Experience working with design systems and design system thinking
Exceptional at crafting modern PHP (ex: autoloading, dependency management, dependency injection, templating libraries, automated testing, OOP, and/or frameworks like Symfony or Laravel, etc.)
Experience working with at least one automated testing framework
Comfortable working in a Linux environment
A passion for improving software/systems
Ability to work remotely with little-to-no supervision
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or a related discipline or equivalent experience
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with developing blocks for the Block Editor
Experience with continuous integration and automated deployment pipelines
Experience with JS application frameworks
Experience building sites that are accessible (you’ve worked with WAI-ARIA and done WCAG 2.0+ AA/Section 508 work) and performant (working knowledge of best practices)
Experience in more advanced areas of JavaScript (state management; async operations; unit, snapshot, and integration testing; REST APIs)
Full stack experience beyond HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Background working
Physical Requirements and Work Environment:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an individual to successfully perform the essential duties of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential duties.
While performing the essential duties of this job, the individual is regularly required to use hands to finger, talk, and hear
The individual frequently is required to stand and walk
Works at a desk and computer screen for extended periods of time
Works in a traditional climate controlled office environment
Works in a highly stressful environment dealing with a wide variety of challenges, deadlines and diverse employee population
Be able to occasionally lift up to ten (10) pounds
Disclaimer:
This job description is only a summary of the typical functions of the position. It is not intended to be an exhaustive or comprehensive list of all job responsibilities, tasks, or duties. Additional duties and tasks may be assigned as part of the job function. Liquid Web Inc. reserves the right to modify, interpret, or apply this job description in a way that best supports the organizational needs. The job description in no way creates or implies an employment contract. The employment contract remains “at will”.
Equal Employment Opportunity Policy: Liquid Web is committed to offering equal employment opportunity without regard to age, color, disability, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, militarystatus, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic.
Požiadavky na zamestnanca
Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelaním
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
vysokoškolské III. stupňa
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Stredne pokročilý (B2)
Inzerujúca spoločnosť
Stručná charakteristika spoločnosti
Servers.com is a global IaaS hosting platform. It offers a full suite of computing, storage, and networking services with a focus on single-tenant infrastructure solutions.
Počet zamestnancov
250-499 zamestnancov
Kontakt
Kontaktná osoba: Bahdan Serdziuk
Tel.:
+421950382535
E-mail:
poslať životopis
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5202730
Dátum zverejnenia:
8.12.2025
2025-12-08
lokalita:
Práca z domu
Pozícia:
Softvérový inžinier
Spoločnosť:
Servers.com
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/mesiac