Who we are
Company
Open Roles
18
Benefits
Early Talent
Back
Junior Business Analyst
Place of work
Zbrojničná, Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Start date & Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 300 EUR/month
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Who is CAT Digital? What do we do?
Big machines require big thinking. Are you looking for your next big challenge?
Cat® Digital is the digital and technology arm of Caterpillar Inc., leveraging the latest technologies to build industry leading digital solutions for our customers and dealers. With over one million connected assets worldwide, our teams use data, technology, advanced analytics, telematics, and AI capabilities to help our customers build a better world.
Working with a Fortune 100 leader, you can build your career on a global scale and take advantage of development opportunities with emerging technologies. We’ve created an inclusive environment for you to explore your passions, make an impact and do the work that really matters. Join Us.
Job Opportunity:
We are seeking talented individuals to join our team to help us grow our presence, organization, culture, which will drive our digital product development efforts. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies and collaborate with top professionals working on very high impact and visibility products. Don't miss this chance to join a newly forming presence and support digital innovation for a global leader in heavy machinery!
What will you do?
As a Junior Business Analysts you will gather and document user and client requirements, support the development and testing of new products or services, collect feedback from clients, and recommend improvements to enhance performance and user satisfaction within the One Funnel team. The One Funnel initiative is a strategic transformation program aimed at streamlining and aligning dealer actions across the enterprise. Its core goal is to enhance customer experience and dealer efficiency by co-creating a single, prioritized list of measurable dealer actions, leveraging both Caterpillar and dealer data. You will be also:
Assisting in the development, testing, and delivery of services/products; -Analyzing existing offerings, preparing technical documentation, and recommending upgrades.
Conducting market research to do a comparative analysis of competitor offerings and provide recommendations for developing a more effective product/service.
Identifying user/client requirements for a product or service and defining technical specifications; Preparing technical documentation and sharing them with senior analysts and technical teams.
Supporting senior analysts by fulfilling their data requests, preparing reports, and providing technical assistance;
Participating in initiatives to improve processes efficiency and employee productivity.
This position works directly with Slovakia based engineering leadership and Cat Digital IT in the US.
Employee perks, benefits
At Caterpillar, we are committed to fostering a culture of innovation and continuous learning, and we believe in investing in the development of our employees. As a member of our team, you will have access to a wide range of training and development opportunities, as well as very competitive compensation and benefits packages, like:
2 300+ euros / month gross
Performance related annual cash incentive
Industry leading Pension plan
5 days of extra vacation above the legislative requirement
Attractive Life insurance
1 volunteering day
Multisport Card
Information about the selection process
Please frequently check the email associated with your application, including the junk/spam folder, as this is the primary correspondence method. If you wish to know the status of your application – please use the candidate log-in on our career website as it will reflect any updates to your status. ​
Caterpillar is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws.​
Caterpillar is committed to creating a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion, respect and integrity, customer focus, and innovation. For more information, visit https://www.caterpillar.com/en/careers/why-caterpillar.html​
Follow us on, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube..​
#LI
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Accuracy and Attention to Detail: Understanding the necessity and value of accuracy; ability to complete tasks with high levels of precision.
Business Data Analysis: Knowledge of business data analysis; ability to collect, identify, analyze and interpret business data using various kinds of techniques to meet business needs and requirements.
Requirements Analysis: Knowledge of tools, methods, and techniques of requirement analysis; ability to elicit, analyze and record required business functionality and non-functionality requirements to ensure the success of a system or software development project.
Technical Writing/Documentation: Knowledge of technical writing; ability to write technical documents such as manuals, reports, guidelines or documents on standards, processes and applications.
Top Candidates will also have:
Ability to collect and analyze data from various sources to provide insights and recommendations.
Ability to effectively collaborate with business partners to gather data requirements
Passion for leveraging data to drive business value and make informed decisions
Experience with MS Power BI
Knowledge of SQL databases
Formal education in computer science, Software Engineering, or related field.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Caterpillar
is a company of
builders
. Of
challenge breakers
. Of
innovators
who want to impact the world. Our people build and design the products and services that help
shape the communities
where we work and live.
We are building on our legacy and innovating for the next generation. One where
technology-enabled services
create improved outcomes for our people and the customers and communities we serve.
Our ability to innovate and build
begins with our people
. Our tech and digital teams are at the forefront of Caterpillar’s evolution – taking pride in
solving complex problems by building new systems
from the ground up.
On our team, you’ll
leverage data
from across our entire enterprise and
more than 1.5M connected assets
to solve problems and find solutions that open a new world of possibilities for our machines, our customers, our dealers and our business.
While the challenge is great, so is the opportunity. Working with a
Fortune 100 leader
, you can build your career
on a global scale
and take advantage of development opportunities with
emerging technologies
like telematics, data engineering, AI and machine learning, and predictive analytics.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Patricia Kundratova
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
If there is currently no open position suitable for you, please submit your e-mail address and preferences. If a new position (opened in the future) aligns with your qualifications and interests, you may be contacted about the opportunity.
Send CV
Poštová 18, 040 01 Košice
© 2025-2026 Caterpillar. All rights reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5202144
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.12.2025
2025-12-05
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Database Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Caterpillar Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 300 EUR/month