Data Engineer
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 250 EUR/month
In accordance with the EU Pay Transparency Directive, the minimum gross annual compensation for this position, determined based on objective and gender-neutral criteria, is 2 250 EUR/gross. The final compensation package will depend on the candidate's qualifications and relevant experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Data Engineer – German Credit Lines (Databricks & Unity Catalog)
We are seeking a Data Engineer to join the German Credit Lines team as we transition from spreadsheet-based processes to a modern Databricks and data lake solution. In this hands-on role, you will design, implement, and manage data models and pipelines, with a strong focus on Databricks and Unity Catalog. You will collaborate closely with the German Data Management team to deliver robust, scalable data solutions that support business needs.
Your Role
As a Data Engineer, your main responsibilities will involve:
Developing and optimizing data pipelines in Databricks.
Designing and implementing data models in a data lake environment.
Managing and configuring Unity Catalog for data asset governance and access control.
Collaborating with the German Data Management team to establish and adhere to data management principles
Gather business requirements from Credit Lines Germany Team and deliver technical solutions in the go-to Datalake platform
Preparing documentation and supporting the adoption of new data solutions.
Participating in testing, validation, and ensuring data quality.
Knowledge transfer and education of other team member to enables users of data assets for data self-serve for actuarial analysis and risk management
Employee perks, benefits
On top of a competitive annual bonus, we offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes:
Working time benefits
Personal days off, Concentrated work week, Additional vacation, Home office, Extra days off at occasion of childbirth, Sabbatical leave, Workcation
Monetary benefits
Life insurance from Zurich Austria, Compensation for salary loss during sick leave, 3rd pension pillar contribution, Risk Life Insurance, Meal contribution on top of the legally required minimum, Years of service bonus, Wedding bonus, Baby bonus
Other benefits
Edenred electronic cafeteria, Public Transport contribution, Maternity leave benefits, Massages in the office
Learning/Development
Professional Certifications, Online Education Portals, Extensive Onboarding program, Strengths based culture (GALLUP)
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Hybrid work:
We would be happy to meet you in the office 3 times a week with the added flexibility of working from home on a weekly basis.
Office:
The office is located in Bratislava, Slovakia.
About us
At our company, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
6.1.2026
(there are still 20 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Actuarial & Pricing Analytics
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
Actuarial & Pricing Analytics
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
As a Data Engineer, your skills and experience will ideally include:
A university degree in Computer Science, Data Engineering, Information Systems, or a related field.
1–3 years of experience as a data engineer or in a similar technical role.
Practical experience with Databricks (Spark, Delta Lake) and cloud-based data platforms.
Hands-on experience with Unity Catalog is a strong advantage.
Proficiency in Python and SQL.
Ability to work collaboratively in a team and communicate with both technical and business stakeholders.
Experience with documentation and process mapping.
Proficiency in German is a plus.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Zurich is a leading multi-line insurer that serves its customers in global and local markets. With about 60,000 employees it provides a wide range of property and casualty, life insurance products and services in more than 200 countries and territories. Zurich’s customers include individuals, small businesses, and mid-sized and large companies, as well as multinational corporations.
Zurich Slovakia is a Competence Center based in Bratislava and Kosice providing highly specialized services for Zurich's headquarter in Switzerland and all Zurich Business units around the globe. Our services are focusing on all types of actuarial services – Life and Non-life, pricing and reserving, on data science and engineering, risk management, business intelligence, information technology, software asset management as well as insurance network management and technical accounting. Our Competence Center employs around 400+ staff from 20+ different countries.
At Zurich Insurance, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Laura Davidova
Tel.:
+421 917 597 205
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5202584
Dátum zverejnenia:
8.12.2025
2025-12-08
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 250 EUR/month