Junior/Medior Data Engineer (PySpark,Azure)
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
2 400 - 4 000 EUR/month
The final salary offered will depend on the candidate's experience and knowledge. + Attractive benefit system of the company.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
You will collaborate closely with Product Teams to design, architect, and implement data-driven
Are you passionate about data and sustainability? Join our Product Area "Research & Sustainability" as a Data Engineer and play a key role in supporting our Group Sustainability initiatives. You will collaborate with experienced professionals and partners across the organization to help deliver impactful sustainability-related projects. This is an excellent opportunity to gain hands-on experience in data engineering while contributing to meaningful projects that drive positive change.
Responsibilities
- Support the maintenance of data pipelines and products and help to design and build new ones in collaboration with our Lead Engineer
- Contribute to writing high-quality, maintainable, and efficient code
- Analyse datasets, identify patterns, and help create data-driven insights
- Work with cross-functional teams to support the success of our products and ensure smooth collaboration
Employee perks, benefits
​- kindergarten - available in our building
​- yearly salary re-evaluation
​- hybrid type of home-office
​- flexible working time
​- sick days
​- MultiSport card
​- mental & medical health support
​- public transport donation​
Information about the selection process
In case of interest, please send your CV to: rastislav.srnka@sourcefirstinternational.com .
We have many open positions for IT specialists, not only in Slovakia and Czech Republic, but also on other foreign projects.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
30.6.2026
(there are still 194 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
We are one of the world’s leading technology service providers.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT, Informačné technológie
Personality requirements and skills
We are seeking a motivated and curious individual with a solid foundation in data engineering concepts, eager to advance their career in this field. You possess an understanding of data quality management s and demonstrate a keen interest in sustainability and innovation.
Strong understanding of Data Engineering principles including CI/CD practices and demonstrated experience in either Data Modelling, ETL processes, big data technologies or data warehousing
Experience with PySpark, Python/Scala, strong problem-solving abilities, experience in data analytics and a willingness to learn and grow is key
Nice to Have Skills
- Knowledge of Palantir Foundry and Azure
- Worked in agile project environments and leveraging tools like Azure DevOps
- Experience in generating and interpreting data
- Knowledge in QA and testing frameworks
- Understanding of Typescript
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: IT Recruitment
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5202678
Dátum zverejnenia:
8.12.2025
2025-12-08
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
IT Consultant
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 400 EUR/month