AI Prototype Developer – GenAI, LLM, Agents (medior)
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 2 500 EUR/month
From 2500+VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are an innovation team dedicated exclusively to prototyping. Our mission is to explore and assess the benefits of Generative AI (GenAI) and Large Language Models (LLMs) in healthcare in the medical imaging domain.
As a junior team member, you’ll work closely with experienced engineers and researchers, gaining hands-on experience with cloud resources (especially Azure), GenAI technologies, and programming languages/frameworks including C#, Python, Semantic Kernel, and MS Agent Framework.
Our environment is flexible, with minimal bureaucracy and a strong focus on learning, mentoring, and growth.
Key Responsibilities:
End-to-End Solution Development: Take ownership of prototype projects from initial design proposal through implementation, deployment, and monitoring.
Programming: Develop software modules and components using languages such as C# and Python.
Cloud Integration: Deploy and integrate solutions on Cloud (mostly Azure), leveraging cloud-native services and DevOps practices.
AI & GenAI Prototyping: Contribute to projects involving Large Language Models (LLMs) and Generative AI.
Collaboration: Work independently and as part of a senior global team, sharing knowledge and supporting innovative initiatives.
Continuous Learning: Stay motivated to learn new AI/LLM technologies and apply them to real-world healthcare challenges.
Required Skills & Experience:
Experience in programming and software development (ideally C#, Python, or similar).
Willingness and motivation to learn and work with new, possibly ever-changing technologies. The tech stack changes are frequent and fluid.
Hands-on experience with Cloud services (deployment, integration, monitoring).
Ability to work independently and drive tasks end-to-end.
Experience with deploying and integrating software modules/components.
Unnderstanding of AI and LLM concepts and experience applying them is welcomed; strong motivation to learn and apply these technologies is essential.
Experience in healthcare or medical technology is a plus but not required.
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards
: starting from 2500 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Recognition and Reward program
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Opportunity to work on cutting-edge healthcare prototypes with real-world impact.
Flexible, innovation driven environment with minimal bureaucracy.
Access to internal AI/GenAI tools, training, and communities.
Collaboration with senior developers and experts in the medical imaging industry.
Support for personal development and continuous learning.
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5202020
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.12.2025
2025-12-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month