About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Senior Security Engineer
Place of work
Mlynské nivy 12, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 800 - 6 300 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between EUR 3,800 and EUR 6,300 per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers:

the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role,
the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation,skills and experience.
 In addition to your base salary, you may be eligible for additional rewards and benefits including an attractive performance-based bonus.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Shape the future of cybersecurity, join our team of cybersecurity professionals in Bratislava and help Swiss Re fulfill its mission in making the world more resilient. As a Senior Security Engineer in our Applications Identity and Access Management team, you'll be at the forefront of securing critical application-to-application interactions across our global operations.
About the Role
In this pivotal security position, you'll tackle complex authentication and authorization challenges while working in a flexible hybrid setup that perfectly balances remote work with collaboration at our Bratislava office.
Key Responsibilities
Identify and assess risks related to authentication and authorization in application-toapplication use cases across our organization, including threat modeling
Design and prototype innovative solutions to mitigate security risks and enhance our cybersecurity posture
Drive group-wide initiatives aimed at timely risk mitigation: document and explain solutions, propose strategic risk reduction plans, and coordinate with stakeholders
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to implement robust security measures that protect our global infrastructure
About the team
The Applications IAM team specializes in securing access and secrets management of technical identities across Swiss Re's global IT ecosystems, including public cloud environments. We are part of the CSO's Product and Engineering Unit, responsible for cybersecurity engineering and operations, governance, risk, and compliance. Our team defines and advances the company's information security strategy, working at the cutting edge of cybersecurity innovation.
Information about the selection process
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
About You
You're a creative security expert who thrives on solving complex challenges and collaborating with specialized teams. You combine technical expertise with excellent communication skills, allowing you to translate complex security concepts for both technical and non-technical audiences.
We are looking for candidates who meet these requirements:
Educational background in computer science or a closely related field
Enterprise IT experience including deployment of technologies at scale and working with agile frameworks
Strong  background in IT security and in-depth technical knowledge of Identity & Access Management
System design and implementation skills including practical coding abilities
Efficient work style with ability to deliver results quickly while maintaining structure and quality
Excellent communication skills for presenting complex security issues and solutions to diverse audiences
Self-motivated approach with passion for improving security
Collaborative mindset for working effectively with stakeholders across the organization
These are additional nice to haves:
Cybersecurity and public cloud certifications
Experience conducting security audits
In-depth knowledge of secret vault technologies
Expertise in IT security domains beyond IAM
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Hana Krcova
Apply here
ID:
5203004
Dátum zverejnenia:
8.12.2025
2025-12-08
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 800 EUR/month