Solution Architect
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 700 EUR/month
In accordance with the EU Pay Transparency Directive, the minimum gross monthly compensation for this position, determined based on objective and gender-neutral criteria, is 3700 EUR/gross. The final compensation package will depend on the candidate's qualifications and relevant experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a Solution Architect to join the Zurich Integrated Benefits (ZIB) team. In this role, you will: Solve high impact business problems in support of ZIB, which manages a global employee benefit platform and supports corporate life insurance business in multiple markets. Be part of an entrepreneurially minded global team, which is daring to challenge the status quo, Further develop your hard skills by working with internal and external analytics experts.
Your role
As a Solution Architect your main responsibilities will involve:
Define and oversee the design and architecture of cutting-edge applications, ensuring adherence to best practices and industry standards.
Utilize your expertise in React, .NET, SQL, Azure platform, Azure DevOps, and Rest APIs to design robust and scalable solutions.
Collaborate with international and distributed teams, other software architects, project manager and project delivery lead coordinating efforts and ensuring effective communication across different time zones.
Work closely with stakeholders to understand business requirements and translate them into technical specifications and architectural designs.
Continuously evaluate and adopt new technologies and tools to enhance the development process and improve efficiency.
Design secure and reliable solutions including disaster recovery and backups.
Develop and maintain architectural documentation and standards.
Ensure the reusability of system components across different projects and business units.
Your Skills and Experience
As a Solution Architect your skills and experience will ideally include:
Minimum of 5 years of experience in a similar role, with a strong background in software architecture and design.
Strong knowledge of modern application design principles and practices.
Proficiency in React, .NET, Azure platform, Azure DevOps, and Rest APIs.
Experience working in international and distributed teams, with excellent communication and coordination skills.
Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to think critically and strategically.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field (or equivalent experience).
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience in the insurance or financial services industry.
Familiarity with Agile/Scrum methodologies.
Advanced degree or relevant certifications.
Advanced degree or relevant certifications.
Employee perks, benefits
On top of a competitive annual bonus, we offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes:
Working time benefits
Personal days off, Concentrated work week, Additional vacation, Home office, Extra days off at occasion of childbirth, Sabbatical leave, Workcation
Monetary benefits
Life insurance from Zurich Austria, Compensation for salary loss during sick leave, 3rd pension pillar contribution, Risk Life Insurance, Meal contribution on top of the legally required minimum, Years of service bonus, Wedding bonus, Baby bonus
Other benefits
Edenred electronic cafeteria, Public Transport contribution, Maternity leave benefits, Massages in the office
Learning/Development
Professional Certifications, Online Education Portals, Extensive Onboarding program, Strengths based culture (GALLUP)
Location:
Bratislava
Schedule:
full-time
Hybrid working:
It would be nice to meet you in the office 1-2 times a week, if you live close by. We are also open to hear your preference to work from home more often.
About us
At our company, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
8.1.2026
(there are still 22 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Actuarial & Pricing Analytics
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
Actuarial & Pricing Analytics
Number of years of experience
3
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Zurich is a leading multi-line insurer that serves its customers in global and local markets. With about 60,000 employees it provides a wide range of property and casualty, life insurance products and services in more than 200 countries and territories. Zurich’s customers include individuals, small businesses, and mid-sized and large companies, as well as multinational corporations.
Zurich Slovakia is a Competence Center based in Bratislava and Kosice providing highly specialized services for Zurich's headquarter in Switzerland and all Zurich Business units around the globe. Our services are focusing on all types of actuarial services – Life and Non-life, pricing and reserving, on data science and engineering, risk management, business intelligence, information technology, software asset management as well as insurance network management and technical accounting. Our Competence Center employs around 400+ staff from 20+ different countries.
At Zurich Insurance, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Natalia Kuricova
Tel.:
+421905770695
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5203402
Dátum zverejnenia:
9.12.2025
2025-12-09
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 700 EUR/month