Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia
O nás
Voľné pozície
Firemná kultúra
Benefity
Kontakt
Project Management
Technical Product Owner KE
At Deutsche Telekom, we believe that investing in our people is the key to unlocking our full potential. Within the HR Headquarters, our People Development team drives global HR products such as learning, skills intelligence, engagement and performance management — making Telekom the best place to develop, grow, and raise the voice.
All our products rely on strong digital foundations — and that’s where you come in.
Contract type
full-time
Place of work
Košice, Slovak Republic
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 2 700 EUR/month
About
the position
As a Technical Product Owner, you translate business strategy into digital product solutions that shape how our employees develop and perform. You are the bridge between HR, IT, and our users — ensuring our products deliver value, simplicity, and impact.
Your key responsibilities:
Turn strategy into action: Translate business needs into (IT) Products
Build digital solutions: Coordinate with design, engineering, and data teams to deliver scalable, user-centered HR products in an agile, international environment.
Lead by example: You are savvy with tech and can lead the way in finding modern solutions to the requirements – hands-on.
Represent your product: Act as an ambassador, aligning senior stakeholders on key product decisions.
Champion the user: Use research, analytics, and feedback loops to understand employee needs and improve experience and adoption.
Manage partners: Coordinate and steer external vendors to ensure quality and compliance.
We work in a HYBRID STYLE of working.
The published salary is the minimum possible offer.
The starting salary may be higher depending on the extent of fulfillment of the employee's requirements (education, language skills, required practice, personality assumptions and skills).
What
we expect
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
University degree.
At least 5 years of experience in digital or technical product management.
You love to mock-up your own products, quickly.
You bring knowledge of which tech stacks work for which use cases or know how to investigate around it.
Proven success leading cross-functional IT or HR tech projects.
Strong customer-centric mindset and ability to translate business needs into digital solutions.
Nice to have: experience with building custom solutions (using AI).
Fluent in English; German is a plus.
Flexible for international travel.
Benefits
that make you happy
Annual bonus
Fully paid meal vouchers
Mobile phone also for private use
Discounts for selected Telekom products
Supplementary pension saving contribution
Cafeteria system of benefits/Multisport card
My days
Sports club & Health days
Teambuildings, summer & Christmas party
Opportunities for career growth
Referral program
Flexible working time
About
the selection process
We are dedicated to constantly promoting equal employment opportunities and are ready to make reasonable adjustments for applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in our job opportunity and meet our job requirements for this position, we encourage you to confidentially notify us if you need specific accommodations to ensure your full participation in our recruitment process at recruitment@telekom.com.
Snažíme sa neustále podporovať rovnaké príležitosti v zamestnaní a sme pripravení urobiť primerané úpravy pre uchádzačov so zdravotným postihnutím. Ak máte záujem o túto pracovnú príležitosť a spĺňate požiadavky inzerovaného pracovného miesta, odporúčame vám, aby ste nám dôverne oznámili, ak potrebujete osobitné úpravy, ktoré vám zabezpečia plnohodnotnú účasť na našom náborovom procese na recruitment@telekom.com.
Send CV
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5203709
Dátum zverejnenia:
9.12.2025
2025-12-09
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
HR Manager
,
IT Consultant
,
IT Manager
,
IT Product Manager
,
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month