Sales Order Specialist
NATEK SLOVAKIA, s.r.o.
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
January 2026
Wage (gross)
1 200 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
The Sales Team stands at the beginning of the process of selling internet services.
As Sales Order Specialist, you will be part of a virtual team managing business proposals for current or potentially new customers to win over the competition and eventually sell the service to the customer.
Your role will be processing pricing requests as per customer’s requirement in order to provide the best possible offer in timely manners.
Objectives:
Data processing
Time management
Customer satisfaction
Responsibilities:
Communication (via e-mail, MS Teams meeting, etc.) with internal sales teams to clarify information and advice on basic requirements, setting up right expectations about deadlines and providing pricing in timely manner
Data analysis
Processing data in MS Excel
Working with multiple tools
Close cooperation with various teams
Managing gate keeping
Responsibility for escalation process
Dealing with possible rejects and errors
EMEA Working hours
Employee perks, benefits
We are committed to excellence so training, supporting and empowering our team is a top priority for us. NATEK offers competitive salaries and a benefits package which includes:
• Opportunity to work on large, high impact projects
• Work time flexibility
• Private healthcare
• Multisport Card / Cafeteria Referral Program
• Possibility to work in other NATEK European branches
Information about the selection process
Interview held online via MS Teams.
Opportunity to meet NATEK Recruiter,  Team Leader and/or Hiring Manager.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.12.2025
(there are still 14 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Excel - Advanced
Number of years of experience
2
Personality requirements and skills
Fluent English (both spoken and written)
Good knowledge of MS Office
Punctuality and ‘eye for a detail’
Ability to handle occasional stressful situations
Responsible work attitude
Team spirit
Self-motivation
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Join one of the most sought-after companies that specialize in IT outsourcing business.
Building on our shared company values – accountability, expertise and partnership - NATEK's mission is to deliver high quality IT outsourcing and consulting services in the CEE region. Since 2004, our employees have been participating projects for our partners from all over the world   in the most important sectors, including finance and insurance, telecommunications, and IT infrastructure. NATEK has offices in Poland, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic and Slovakia, and thanks to a team of over 700 experts, including project managers, programmers and administrators, we are able to effectively support our partners.
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Veronika Melicherová
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5203017
Dátum zverejnenia:
8.12.2025
2025-12-08
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Assistant
,
Customer Support Specialist
,
ICT Specialist
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Sales Representative
Spoločnosť:
NATEK SLOVAKIA, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 200 EUR/month