Our DNA
We offer
Open positions
Order Management, Sales & Technical Support Advisor - French Speaker
Place of work
Myhive Towers, Vajnorská, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
1 583,5 EUR/month
Contract type
full-time
What you'll be doing?
Attention music lovers and tech enthusiasts! Get ready to take your passion to the next level and join our dynamic team of young bilingual professionals. We are seeking individuals who share our love for high-quality audio devices like speakers, sound bars, headphones, and more. If you are someone who wants to be part of a cutting-edge company at the intersection of music and technology, then this is the opportunity you have been waiting for!
Your daily tasks:
Provide first-line support to B2C customers on Sound United's online portfolio of products via multiple contact channels in both French and English.
Answer questions from existing and prospective customers about availability, features, order processing including payment, returns, cancellations, refunds and lost in transit matters.
Action return requests and refunds in a smooth, timely and customer-centric manner.
Answer inbound contacts from customers (or potential customers) who have questions and/or need help with consumer electronics, help with troubleshooting, identify and escalate priority issues to next-level support when appropriate.
Proactively spot, drive and convert sales opportunities.
Upsell and cross sell across the designated categories.
Ensure customer satisfaction through end-to-end management of each request.
What skills & experience you'll bring to us?
Fluent level in both written and spoken French & English.
Interest in new technologies and audio devices.
Technical support experience is an advantage.
Previous experience in a direct consumer support or sales role would be a plus.
Experienced with home network troubleshooting and configuration including wireless configuration, router settings, and Internet security software.
Knowledge of home audio/visual equipment, connections and audio/video formats.
Attention to detail and problem solving skills.
Positive attitude and excellent interpersonal skills.
What do we offer?
Starting date: December/January 2025
Working hours: Full Time (40 hours per week) Monday - Friday from 9 am to 6 pm
Competitive base salary of €19,000 gross per annum in addition to:
6,60€/day meal voucher (132€/month).
A commuting allowance of €50 per month (€600 per annum).
Monthly incentives based on performance up to €150.
Incentives per Sale.
Paid 5 extra days (personal days) per annum in case of emergencies and short-term absences.
Hybrid working model from our Bratislava location.
Fully paid training that optimally prepares you for your job - 4 weeks duration.
Additional Benefits:
Multisport Card
Employee Assistance Program - Free, confidential, and impartial guidance and support.
Referral Program: Refer a Friend and get a Referral bonus.
Access to specialised LinkedIn training courses.
Best-in-class people engagement activities and programs.
Ongoing training and development and an opportunity for you to cultivate a new and exciting career in a high-growth environment.
Who we are
CPM International has a global presence in over 30 countries. We offer multilingual support in various languages tailor-made to the needs of our diverse markets. We focus on customer service, sales, and technical support solutions for clients worldwide.
CPM International celebrates diversity! We welcome everyone & embrace unique styles. Our accessible workplace fosters inclusion & empowers you to bring your whole self to work. Join us & contribute to a vibrant & innovative culture!
Contact
Contact person: Joaquin Miranda
E-mail:
send CV
Contact us:
+421 2201 109 17
CPMSVKRecruitment@cpm-int.com
Where we are:
Myhive office
Vajnorská 100, Bratislava
Connect with us:
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5203868
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.12.2025
2025-12-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Call Operator
,
Customer Support Specialist
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Sales Officer
,
Sales Representative
Spoločnosť:
CPM Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 583,5 EUR/month