Senior Fullstack Developer
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Place of work
: Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Wage (gross)
:
3 200 EUR/month
The salary in the job add is a minimal guaranteed base salary and can be higher - depending on the skills, level, education, professional experience, technological know-how.
Contract type
: full-time
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a Senior Fullstack Developer to join our team developing the akvisIO product, Kistler’s advanced industrial IoT solution. In this role, you will design, develop, and maintain end-to-end software solutions - from robust .NET backends to intuitive React-based frontends. You’ll play a key role in ensuring system quality, performance, and scalability within an international development environment.
Main Responsibilities:
Develop fullstack solutions using .NET backend and React frontend technologies, including programming, testing, and bug fixing.
Design and maintain frontend architecture and the underlying technology stack to meet both functional and non-functional requirements.
Provide reliable effort estimations, manage technical debt, and promote clean code and best development practices.
Ensure continuous integration, participate in quality assurance, and collaborate on infrastructure and automation improvements.
Support deployment activities, ensuring solutions are technically sound and ready for live operation.
Apply Kistler’s professional software development methodology and contribute to continuous process and product improvement.
Deliver high-quality software aligned with project objectives and organizational standards.
Join us and be part of the team driving innovation with the
akvisIO product
- transforming data into insight for smarter industry performance.
Employee perks, benefits
The way we work
Hybrid working model – based on the agreement with your team lead. We trust that you know how to organize your time to stay productive
Regular performance review and career growth possibilities
A dynamic and challenging role in a global company
Collaborative and supportive team culture
Close collaboration with business drivers and key users
Support for ongoing professional development to expand your technical and professional knowledge
Health & Well-being
Electric stand-up desk and ergonomic chair
100% salary reimbursement for 10 days of sick leave
25 days of vacation for everybody
Recognition
Compensation of overtimes
Compensation of travelling time in case of business trip (extra allowance)
Flexible Benefit System - starting from 1000€ per year in the Benefit Plus portal - platform with thousands of suppliers of your choice, including Kistler specific offerings
Attractive referral bonus
Extra contribution in significant life events – weddings and childbirths, rehousing
Relocation bonus for employees who are moving because of Kistler (over 100 km)
Career & Development
Online English & German language courses
Library, Online Educational Portals: Pluralsight, Safari books, LeanPub, Egghead
Social life
Team-buildings, Company breakfast, Christmas Party, Grill Party, etc.
Football table and board games in the office
Extra benefits
Special offers and discounts (Metro cards, SND, Curaprox etc.)
Lunch tickets in amount of 8,00 EUR
Great coffee, tea, fresh fruit
Information about the selection process
Do you like it so far? Let us know, send us your CV. After receiving and reviewing your CV we will contact you for short telephone pre-screen. Following this, if successful, we will set up meeting with your future team leader and one of our technical specialist for more detailed discussion about your experience and motivation and to answer your questions about company and project itself. The final stage of the hiring process is meeting with head of Kistler Bratislava to get to know you better and align on the personal and position expectations. Our HR colleagues will be informing and guiding you through every step of this process. Good luck. We are looking forward to meeting you.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
7.1.2026
(there are still 21 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
4
Personality requirements and skills
Must Have:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or Electrical Engineering.
4+ years of experience as a software developer with C#/.NET, preferably .NET Core 6+, ASP.NET Core, and Entity Framework Core.
Strong skills in React, and real-time communication using WebSocket and SignalR.
Experience working with database systems; knowledge of PostgreSQL is a plus.
Familiarity with microservices and messaging architectures; experience with NATS.IO is an advantage.
Proficiency with Git and version control best practices.
Experience developing and optimizing high-performance, multithreaded and concurrent applications
Knowledge of software modeling tools and architecture modeling (e.g., UML).
Excellent written and spoken English communication skills.
Comfortable working in an international and cross-functional team environment.
Nice to Have:
Experience with industrial IoT systems and OPC UA.
Hands-on experience with Docker and containerized development.
Previous experience with data visualization libraries (e.g., D3.js, Chart.js, Recharts)
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Einsteinova 33
851 01 Bratislava, Slovakia
+421 948 377 105
, Natália Shalanová, HR Generalist
Kistler Holding AG
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5203102
Dátum zverejnenia:
8.12.2025
2025-12-08
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
,
C# Programmer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 200 EUR/month