Medior Cloud Engineer (Azure, Kubernetes, Golang)
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
By agreement
Wage (gross)
2 700 - 4 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
For our client we are looking for Cloud Engineer with a focus on Kubernetes and Azure Cloud. In this role, you'll engage in Infrastructure as Code, automation, and application hosting using Kubernetes. Your main responsibility will be to manage and improve client´s shared application hosting platform for various types of applications in the Azure cloud.
A significant part of your role involves the further engineering of the platform, but also ensuring the stability and operability of the platform. This includes automating operational processes as much as possible. You will also participate in an on-call rotation, approximately once every two months, to handle high-priority incidents, with the frequency expected to decrease as the team grows.
Your work will include managing a managed PaaS platform, covering aspects like fully automated secret management, storage, and identity management for application teams. You'll also be involved in migrating new applications to the public cloud and optimizing existing setups.
Build infrastructure and a platform that allow units to:
- help improve the life of farmers in Brazil with image recognition based on satellite data.
- build models to predict life expectancy or predict the CO2 footprint of companies.
- support many other exciting projects in a collaborative environment with colleagues from international offices.
You will work in a team building new cutting-edge solutions cloud infrastructure solutions, with 5 mentors to support your learning. Client´team is diverse and is connected by passion to learn, so they areare looking for a person who loves to learn and they will support you in this journey. The team reserves time for studying and attending conferences, and organizes  own upskilling sessions as well. In addition to projects for their clients, they also work on innovation projects which allow them to learn new methodologies and gain fresh experience.
Employee perks, benefits
- flexible working time
​​- hybrid type of home-office
​​- kindergarten - available in our building
​​- yearly salary re-evaluation
​​- sick days
​​- MultiSport card
​​- mental & medical health support
​​- public transport donation​​
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.3.2026
(there are still 103 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our client is a leading international tech company and provides a wide range of products and services.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Personality requirements and skills
Experience in Kubernetes and generally application hosting
Experience in public cloud, mainly Azure
Knowledge of interacting with API and CLI interfaces
Knowledge of programming language Golang and Bash
Passion for learning and innovating
Nice to have:
Background in software engineering or application design
Knowledge of and/or interest in pulumi for IaC
Knowledge of and/or interest in platform and application security
Experience in corporate/enterprise technical landscapes
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: IT Recruitment
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5203958
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.12.2025
2025-12-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
DevOps Engineer
,
IT Consultant
,
Software Engineer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month