Building X Platform Developer Success Engineer
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Start date
ASAP/by agreement
Contract type
full-time
Salary
2 700 EUR/month
From 2 700 EUR / month + variable part
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. This salary is for junior candidate. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions. Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
About us
Siemens
We are a technology company focused on industry, infrastructure, transport, and healthcare. By combining the real and the digital worlds, we empower our customers to transform their industries and markets, helping them to transform the everyday for billions of people.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Siemens Smart Infrastructure connects buildings and cities to make them smarter and more energy efficient. We help our customers thrive, communities progress, and support sustainable development to protect our planet for the next generation. Our Building X platform is a suite of cloud applications enabling customers to operate buildings intelligently.
We are looking for a Developer Success Engineer to enhance the developer experience for users of the Building X platform. This role acts as a bridge between platform capabilities and developers, ensuring smooth integration, development, and deployment of solutions. You will provide technical guidance, create resources, and collaborate with cross-functional teams to improve the developer journey.
Main responsibilities
Developer Support and Enablement:
Provide expert technical support to developers building on Building X, including Life Cycle Twin.
Conduct hands-on debugging, code reviews, and troubleshooting for complex issues.
Create and maintain developer guides, API documentation, tutorials, and learning resources.
Collaboration and Solution Development:
Work closely with Solution Platform Engineers, product, and engineering teams to prioritize enhancements and bug fixes based on developer feedback.
Build sample applications, proof-of-concepts, and demos showcasing platform capabilities.
Collaborate with Solution Design and Customer Success teams to ensure a seamless developer experience.
We expect
Experience working in a complex environment with multinational teams.
Strong understanding of software development concepts, programming languages, web technologies, APIs, cloud platforms, and developer tools.
Empathy for developers and passion for advocacy and support.
Experience providing developer support from solution design to coding.
Ability to explain technical concepts clearly and engage with developers and cross-functional teams.
Open-minded, service-oriented, and able to represent the organization positively in the developer community.
Desire to learn state-of-the-art technologies and methodologies.
Genuine passion for technology, innovation, and developer communities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
We offer:
Home office, telework
Flexible working hours (9:00 – 15:00), short Fridays
Work-life balance thanks to stable quartal planning cycles
Free pool parking
Bridge days – 3 days/year,
Sick days – 3 days/year
Additional paid leave
MultiSport
Cafeteria system - BenefitPlus = 300 points / € per year
Contribution to 3rd pillar pension up to 3% of gross salary (after the employment trial period)
Sick leave compensation and Sick Leave to Care for a Family Member compensation (after the employment trial period, up to 100% of salary, 20 days/year)
Childbirth bonus of 300€, Contribution for attending a preschool facility in the amount of 200€ (within Cafeteria system – BenefitPlus)
Contribution for representative sports activities
HEALTHY BACK PROGRAM = we offer ergonomic workplace (an electrically operated sit-stand desk, ergonomic chairs)
Working with newest technologies + most projects run in agile methodology (we use SAFe)
You can attend various international conferences
2 SIM cards with discounted employee flat rate also for family members
Employee referral bonus up to 2 000€
Opportunity to invest in the purchase of Siemens shares (after the employment trial period)
Discounts for employees (electronics, language courses, vacation stays...)
Discounted employee´s loans (for employees with an employment relationship of more than 3 years)
Wellbeing program, Health Day, team-building program
8 hours of training per month within working hours
Education in various fields of your choice within working hours
Work anniversary present and life anniversary contribution
How it looks here
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5203918
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.12.2025
2025-12-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Programmer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month