BSH Home Appliances Group
»
Možno sa zajtra z domácej práce stane hra.
«
Cristina
Corporate Innovation
BSH Home Appliances Group
»
Možno zajtra budú naše výrobky centrom spoločenského života.
«
Charlotte
Digital Transition
BSH Home Appliances Group
»
Možno kuchyňa zajtra bude vedieť, čo by som si dal na večeru.
«
Sebastian
Trainee Sales
BSH Home Appliances Group
»
Možno už zajtra nám roboty pomôžu rozvíjať nové zručnosti.
«
Dominic
Factory Cooking Production Setting
Menu
O nás
Čo ponúkame
Voľné pozície
Kontakt
Senior SW Developer for Embedded Systems with RTOS (Home Appliances) Košice or Michalovce/Hybrid
Place of work
Košice
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
2 500 EUR/month
The upper limit will be precisely evaluated and is based on the candidate’s experience
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We're looking for a skilled embedded software developer to join our agile team working on smart technologies for modern home appliances.
Our solutions power millions of household products – from washing machines to energy-efficient fridges.
Develop embedded software for home appliances (C/C++)
Integrate and maintain RTOS (e.g., FreeRTOS, Zephyr)
Collaborate closely with hardware and QA teams
Implement communication protocols (UART, I2C, SPI, CAN)
Optimize performance and ensure stability of devices
Maintain comprehensive technical documentation
Employee perks, benefits
Work on meaningful consumer products used daily worldwide
Innovative and international work environment
Flexible hours and remote work options
Access to modern tools and technologies
Continuous learning and career growth support
Access to wide range of social benefits via Benefit plus card
Special employee’s discount program for Bosch home appliances
Supplementary pension contribution
Referral bonus
Flexible working time
7.5 hour work day
Home office
Additional free days in case of selected personal/family events beyond existing labor law
Trainings and development opportunities (hard and soft skills trainings, language courses, product trainings…)
Information about the selection process
Together with your CV, send us a job application or motivation letter and a copy of the highest education certificate!
We will only contact candidates that are suitable for this position.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Computer Science, Electro-Engineering or Physics, or appropriate experience in embedded SW development
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Driving licence
B
Experience in the position/sector
min. 5 years
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
5+ years of experience in embedded software development
Strong in C/C++, RTOS experience is a must
Background in appliance development is a plus
Familiar with microcontrollers (e.g., ARM Cortex-M, STM32)
Basic electronics knowledge and debugging tools (oscilloscope, logic analyzer)
permit for working with electricity (according § 21 of Decree 508/2009)
English skills for technical communication
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
The company BSH Drives and Pumps s.r.o. is based in Michalovce and is a subsidiary of the BSH Hausgeräte GmbH group, which has been a 100% part of the BOSCH group.
The main activity of the company is the development and production of electric motors, pumps and fans for white goods, mainly for washing machines, dryers, dishwashers, steam extractors and small household appliances.
Another important part of the company is the electronics development center for home appliances.
The company produces more than 13 million engines annually. The entire volume of production from Michaloviec is intended for export and is part of appliances of the main brands of the BOSCH and SIEMENS concerns, as well as other local brands belonging to the BOSCH group (Balay, Thermador, Constructa, ...) produced in factories in Europe, Asia and America.
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Jana Berillová
Tel.:
+421566417481
E-mail:
send CV
Sme členom skupiny
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5203837
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.12.2025
2025-12-10
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
C Programmer
,
C++ Programmer
,
Electrical Engineer
,
Electronics Electrician
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
BSH Drives and Pumps s.r.o., člen skupiny BOSCH
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month