Sr. PHP Developer
Servers.com
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
2 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Modern Tribe is a specialized team within Liquid Web. While most of our organization is product and service focused, Modern Tribe operates in an agency model, delivering client-facing solutions through project-based work.
We develop custom solutions for some of the world's largest companies, government institutions and smaller growing organizations. We pride ourselves on our ability to bridge people and technology and to bring the passion and dedication of an entrepreneur to every project.
Being part of Liquid Web means you’ll enjoy the stability, resources, and career growth opportunities of a unified global tech company, while working day-to-day in a creative, fast-moving agency environment.
You will be helping to build and inspire an awesome dev team working on innovative and large scale Laravel and WordPress installations. We are looking for a backend developer that is already actively working in PHP on a day-to-day basis. We want you to be as excited and as passionate as we are about what we are creating with PHP.
What You’ll Do:
Collaborate with the project strategist to articulate the best technological solution for the problem at hand
Analyze user story acceptance criteria to ensure technical feasibility and point out potential issues
Lead a team of developers to make sure we can deliver on time, on budget and on scope
Architect and develop new features, custom functionality and frontend integration
Write high quality code with readability, efficiency and maintainability in mind
Develop and maintain complex Laravel and WordPress based applications
Implement complex features using modern PHP code and patterns while following standards
Implement unit testing for key portions of each application
Code review the work of other developers
Improve our internal tools, libraries and standards
Actively participate in our scrum meetings
Work with the team to diagnose and resolve backend bugs and support requests
Mentor junior developers
What You Bring:
Agency experience - ability to thrive in a fast-paced, client-facing environment with billable project work is almost essential for success in this role.
5+ years of experience as a backend PHP developer on production sites.
2+ years of experience leading technical direction, mentoring developers, and guiding team practices.
Extensive hands-on experience implementing complex WordPress websites and Laravel applications.
Strong command of modern PHP practices, such as autoloading, dependency management, dependency injection, templating libraries, automated testing, and OOP (including frameworks like Symfony or Laravel).
Solid understanding of secure, performant coding practices and a comprehensive knowledge of MySQL.
Experience with at least one automated testing framework.
Excellent understanding of the software development life cycle and best practices.
Strong communication skills with the ability to explain technical concepts clearly to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Proven ability to work effectively in a distributed/remote team environment with minimal supervision.
Fluent in English, both written and spoken.
Highly organized, detail-oriented, and self-motivated with a methodical approach to problem-solving.
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with continuous integration and automated deployment pipelines
Experience with JS application frameworks
Experience with server technologies like Redis or ElasticSearch
Experience with Python
Remote work experience
We Offer:
A collaborative team culture
Consistent/set work hours
Challenging non-redundant daily duties
A voice in how things get done
Access to ongoing training
Disclaimer:
This job description is only a summary of the typical functions of the position. It is not intended to be an exhaustive or comprehensive list of all job responsibilities, tasks, or duties. Additional duties and tasks may be assigned as part of the job function. Liquid Web Inc. reserves the right to modify, interpret, or apply this job description in a way that best supports the organizational needs. The job description in no way creates or implies an employment contract. The employment contract remains “at will”.
Equal Employment Opportunity Policy: Liquid Web is committed to offering equal employment opportunity without regard to age, color, disability, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military status, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Servers.com is a global IaaS hosting platform. It offers a full suite of computing, storage, and networking services with a focus on single-tenant infrastructure solutions.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Bahdan Serdziuk
Tel.:
+421950382535
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5203888
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.12.2025
2025-12-10
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Servers.com
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month