Project Manager PP/DS and Master Data Steward
VAILLANT GROUP Heat Pump Production s.r.o.
Place of work
Johanna Vaillanta 2858/26, 905 01 Senica, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
• Final salary will be depend on experience and candidate knowledge. 
• Annual performance bonus of up to 2 monthly salaries.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
•	In this position you will lead to the Project Leadership for Production Planning and Scheduling projects that aim on improvements, standardization and further digitalization of Vaillant’s production network.
•	You will be responsible for the PP/DS implementation in the scope of the SAP S/4 Hana Digital Process World program (DPW) and responsible for assist and guide locally driven projects that include PP or PP/DS aspects.
•	You act as Global Master Data Steward DPW and main contact person for Master Data questions from local plants.
•	You will successfully manage Master Data Governance for all PP and PP/DS Master Data in the production network and DPW Roll-outs, your task will be Standardization of all Production Planning related Master Data.
•	Aligning optimization measures to increase Master Data quality level will be one of your key tasks.
•	Contribution to projects that deal with SCM and Production Planning KPIs and align KPIs with DPW Projekt will also be your responsibility.
Employee perks, benefits
•	We offer employment in a long-term international company that is a leader in heating technology and is committed to comprehensive environmental protection as part of the corporate vision "We care for a better climate".
•	We create an inspiring working environment where employees feel motivated and engaged through various activities for employees and our inherent traditions with a gift during the most famous holidays of the year etc.
•	We care about the professional and personal development of our employees, that´s why we offer quality training tailored to your individual needs.
•	We support our employees during important life events such as marriage or the birth of a child, as well as on their life anniversaries.
•	We contribute to our employees' supplementary pension savings.
•	We provide discount on the purchase of VG product.
•	We will reward you if you recommend your future colleague.
•	We offer the possibility of working from home and provide complete IT equipment (PC and mobile phone, possibility to order a desk and chair to set up a home office).
Requirements for the employee
Personality requirements and skills
•	Graduate profession in Production Planning, SCM or Logistics.
•	Work experience of minimum 3 years in Production Planning, SCM or Logistics environment.
•	Project lead experience preferred.
•	English fluent in spoken and written, knowledge of SAP PP, PP/DS, good expertise in S/4HANA.
•	Good communication skills, ability to lead and work in diversified teams.
•	Willingness to travel of about 15%.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Skupina Vaillant Group je synonymom vykurovania a prípravy teplej vody, pričom hlavný dôraz kladie na kvalitu, spoľahlivosť a užívateľský komfort. Jej produkty tepelnej techniky sú zastúpené vo viac ako 100 krajinách sveta. Združuje značky Vaillant, Saunier Duval, AWB, Bulex, DemirDöküm, Glow worm, Hermann Saunier Duval a Protherm. Každá z týchto značiek má s výrobou vykurovacích zariadení bohaté skúsenosti, pretože väčšina z nich je v danom segmente viac ako 80 rokov.
Contact
Contact person: Soňa Valachovičová
Tel.:
+421905904995
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
jobs.vaillant-group.com
Zdieľajte túto prácu:
Working at Vaillant Group.
Taking care of a better climate.
Both count, both are us.
We take care of a better climate. In every home and our environment. As a successful family business, we have been living up to this claim for over 150 years. We are one of the world's leading providers of heat pumps, digital services and efficient gas heating appliances and offer energy-saving solutions.
You will find sustainability everywhere at the Vaillant Group. In the office, at the production sites and on the road. Around 16,000 employees from over 70 countries are committed to this every day. As an international team, we take responsibility - for our future and that of our planet. We promote your personal development so that you can act with passion and together we can ensure a better climate.
Become part of the Vaillant Group and help us shape the future of heating!
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5203752
Dátum zverejnenia:
9.12.2025
2025-12-09
lokalita:
Senica
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
,
IT Project Manager
,
Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
VAILLANT GROUP Heat Pump Production s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month