Global Enterprise Architect (IFS ERP)
PRO Business Solutions s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP/per agreement
Wage (gross)
From 5 000 EUR/month
from 5.000 € gross. Salary can be adjusted considering the seniority of the applicant
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
The Enterprise Architect plays a critical role in ensuring that IFS system architecture and delivery align with the organization's strategic goals and operate efficiently. Key components of the role include:
1.Lead the Enterprise Applications Strategy with a primary focus on IFS ERP, ensuring alignment with long-term business objectives and digital transformation goals.
2.Design and maintain the overall enterprise architecture blueprint, emphasizing ERP (IFS) and adjacent systems (MES, CRM, OEE, HCM, etc.)
3. Define and implement governance frameworks to ensure consistent architecture practices, standards, and compliance across all EA-related projects
4. Provide strategic and technical guidance
during ERP rollouts, upgrades, and customizations, ensuring scalability, maintainability, and performance
Provide guidance and support to technical and functional teams
Lead the integration strategy ensuring solutions are robust, providing seamless data flow
5. Maintain a catalogue of all Enterprise Applications in use across group companies.
Develop a strategy for standardisation and consolidation of Enterprise Applications
Define a plan for consolidation of applications, including management of required projects
6. Develop and manage the roadmap for IFS/ERP evolution, ensuring that future enhancements are prioritized based on business value and architectural coherence. Ensure the Enterprise Applications eco-system integrates with the wider IFS/ERP evolution.
7. Evaluate emerging technologies, industry trends, and ERP innovations to enhance and future-proof the enterprise architecture.
8. Ensure data integrity, security, and regulatory compliance within ERP-related systems and processes.
Maintain a data governance strategy to enforce data accuracy, cleanliness, and validation
Govern the maintenance of core master data, ensuring all systems are aligned
9. Lead architecture reviews and participate in critical design decisions for ERP-related projects
10. Customizations and Enhancements
Review new requirements for modification, attempting to find a solution within core IFS to reduce complexity
Oversee development of any system modification to ensure system performance is maintained or optimised
11. Communication and Change Management
Ensure appropriate communication ahead of system implementation or change
Be a change champion, working as a business partner to stakeholders
Communicate with business stakeholders and technical/functional teams ensuring both understand the needs, limitations and progress of projects
Employee perks, benefits
​
openness to travel (approx. 4–5 days/month onsite)
above-standard financial compensation,
modern work benefits such as flexible hours and home office,
a wide range of additional perks.
Information about the selection process
Thank you in advance for sending your CV in English.
Every candidate will receive a response regarding the possibility of attending a personal interview and the outcome of the selection process.
You are welcome to send us your CV even if you do not meet all the requirements or, on the contrary, if you have higher expectations, such as regarding salary. We also have other job openings and may be able to offer you a suitable opportunity now or in the future.
Do you know someone who might be interested in this job opportunity? Feel free to recommend them to us. For selected job openings, we offer a referral reward of up to 300 EUR in gift vouchers. More information is available on our website: www.probs.sk
Expected date of completion of the selection process
9.1.2026
(there are still 23 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Manufacture of food products, beverages and tobacco products
Our client is a global sales and production company.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
IFS ERP - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
Yes
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
Technical and Business Knowledge & Experience
5+ years of experience in IT architecture, including 3+ years in Enterprise Architecture roles.
Proven experience leading IFS ERP implementations (IFS Cloud or Applications 10/9) across multiple modules (e.g., Finance, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, HR).
Strong understanding of ERP best practices, enterprise integration, middleware, and APIs.
Knowledge of enterprise architecture frameworks such as TOGAF, Zachman, or FEAF.
Experience with cloud platforms (Azure), data architecture, and microservices is a plus.
Strong stakeholder engagement skills and ability to translate complex technical issues into business value.
Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and communication skills.
Leading Teams
Connect and build strong relationships and trust with others
Strong communication, motivational and influencing skills; able to gain buy-in for ideas and not afraid to challenge when needed.
Solid Written & Verbal skills
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Spoločnosť PRO Business Solutions s.r.o. sa špecializuje na oblasť personálneho poradenstva a služieb. Spájame profesionálov z rôznych oblastí.
Vieme zastrešiť služby od výberu zamestnancov najmä formou Executive Search, Headhuntingu a Recruitmentu, cez rozvojové programy formou Development Center a Koučingu až po zisťovanie informácií o názoroch, postojoch, či motivácii zamestnancov formou prieskumov.
Medzi našich klientov patria veľké nadnárodné spoločnosti, ale aj menšie lokálne firmy.  Naše riešenia sú efektívne, komplexné a individuálne nastavené podľa vašich potrieb.
Sme profesionáli a vážime si váš čas.
Hodnoty ako úcta či rešpekt ku klientom sú pre nás samozrejmosťou.
Našou snahou je spoznať vaše reálne potreby a pomôcť vám ich naplniť.
Mária Harvaníková
PRO Business Solutions - Vaše riešenia
www.probs.sk
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
3-4 employees
Contact
Contact person: Peter Vyslúžil
Tel.:
+421949123440
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5203763
Dátum zverejnenia:
9.12.2025
2025-12-09
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Architect
,
IT Consultant
,
IT Director
,
IT Project Manager
,
Technical Director
Spoločnosť:
PRO Business Solutions s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
5 000 EUR/month