Join the
banking revolution
Vacancies
Benefits
About us
Contact
Vacancies
Test Automation Engineer
Place of work
Lakeside Park, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
2 500 - 3 800 EUR/month
Contract type
full-time
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you big into test automation?
Join us at
Ohpen
, where you’ll have a chance to work in
cloud-native fintech
company on revolutionary
core-banking
platform.
Briefing
As a Test Automation Engineer within our Loans and Mortgages QA team, you will play a critical role in building and maintaining
end-to-end
automated tests using
Playwright
and
TypeScript
.
You will be part of a collaborative team of around seven engineers—including automation testers, software developers, and QA specialists—focusing on
acceptance
and
UI testing
to ensure a seamless customer experience.
Your work will cover the full testing suite, contributing to high-quality releases in a
cloud-native
fintech environment, while also leveraging AI in your testing practices.
Hiring Process will include:
- Preliminary interview with Talent Acquisition Partner
- Technical interview with Ohpen’s Site Reliability Engineer and one of the Senior Software Engineers
About You
- You have at least 3 years of experience in test automation with a strong focus on end-to-end and UI testing.
- You are proficient with Playwright and TypeScript as your core testing tools.
- You understand acceptance testing and the importance of delivering a customer-centric quality product.
Ready to revolutionize financial services through automation? Apply now and join Ohpen’s innovative fintech team!
Information about the selection process
If you're interested in the role of Test Automation Engineer, please apply via the following link: https://ohpen.jobs.personio.com/job/2329648?language=en&display=en
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Ohpen delivers a cloud-based software solution for financial institutions. With offices in Slovakia, the Netherlands, UK, and Spain we help financial institutions get rid of their legacy. With a strong team we share the same objective; provide our customers with the highest possible quality out there.
Ohpen was founded by former bankers to manage retail investments, savings, current accounts, loans, and mortgages and was the first in the world to bring a bank fully to the cloud. We´ve been active for over 10 years and changing banking and FinTech the world over.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Denis Ustohal
E-mail:
send CV
Send CV
Career at Ohpen
http://ohpen.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5203453
Dátum zverejnenia:
9.12.2025
2025-12-09
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Tester
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
OHPEN Technology Slovakia, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month