CGI Slovensko
Tvoríme digitálnu budúcnosť
Sme popredná globálna firma v oblasti IT konzultácií.
Itil Manager
Place of work
Landererova, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
01.02.2026
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
The base salary component starts at 2200EUR/month (gross). The final salary amount will depend on the specific skills and experience of the candidates.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are seeking a versatile and experienced ITIL Manager to join our team. The ideal candidate will oversee and manage multiple ITIL processes, ensuring best practices are followed. The role requires a proactive approach to service improvement and a collaborative mindset to work across teams and stakeholders to enhance overall IT service delivery.
• Manage ITIL processes.
• Drive the implementation and continuous improvement of ITIL best practices across the IT organization.
• Ensure alignment with SLAs and OLAs, monitoring service delivery and escalating issues as necessary.
• Manage change initiatives from initiation to completion, ensuring minimal disruption to services and achieving desired outcomes.
• Collaborate with stakeholders to ensure that processes are scalable, efficient, and effective.
• Participate in service reviews with customers and stakeholders to ensure satisfaction and to identify opportunities for improvement.
• Manage service continuity, ensuring that appropriate risk management processes are in place to safeguard against disruptions.
• Facilitate knowledge management to ensure that information is captured and shared effectively within the team.
• Identify trends and patterns across incidents, problems, and changes to drive proactive measures and process enhancements.
• Promote a culture of continuous improvement across IT operations and service delivery teams.
Employee perks, benefits
• Support of your professional growth.
• Many opportunities for your development and education through various certified programs and through sharing of corporate knowledge.
• Employment contract for an indefinite period.
• Participation in the company’s profit (the so-called Profit Participation Plan).
• Company share program (the so-called Share purchase Plan) – the possibility of purchasing employee shares.
• 3 sick-days for recovery.
• 30 days of fully paid sick leave.
• Benefit Plus Program for leisure activities in the field of sports, culture, travel, health or education.
• Referral bonus for referring a new colleague.
• The possibility of obtaining an interest-free loan for an employee.
• Language training for employees.
• Multisport card for sports and wellness facilities and others.
• Vaccination against influenza and tick-borne encephalitis.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Primary education
Secondary school student
Secondary without school-leaving examination
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
or
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
ITIL framework - Basic
Driving licence
B
Experience in the position/sector
3
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
• Minimum of 3 years of experience in ITIL roles (e.g., Incident, Problem, Change, Service Level, Release, or similar).
• Proven ability to manage and improve ITIL processes and drive service excellence.
• Strong communication, interpersonal, and collaboration skills.
• Knowledge of ITIL best practices and frameworks across multiple disciplines.
• Experience with IT service management tools and platforms.
• Solid understanding of risk management and service continuity planning.
• Fluency in Slovak and English languages.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
At CGI, we call our employees members because all who join CGI are building their own company - one that has grown to 91,500 professionals located in more than 40 countries. Founded in 1976, CGI is a leading IT and business process services company committed to help clients succeed. We have the expertise, stability and dedicated professionals, all needed to achieve results for our clients and for our members. Learn more at www.cgi.com.
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Martin Blaho
Tel.:
00420733167634
E-mail:
send CV
Follow CGI
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5204183
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.12.2025
2025-12-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
,
IT System Administrator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
CGI Slovakia s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month