Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) full-time/part-time
LEGALAES OÜ
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, part-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are a dynamic team managing crypto-registered companies in Slovakia. Our focus is on building transparent, compliant, and sustainable financial services within the EU. As part of our operations, we are appointing a
CISO
to ensure basic information security and compliance with Slovak and EU requirements.
Your responsibilities will include:
Maintain and oversee basic IT security and data protection policies.
Support compliance with GDPR and EU security standards.
Monitor risks and report security incidents if they occur.
Cooperate with Compliance and AML Officers on security-related issues.
Employee perks, benefits
Stable role in a growing industry.
Competitive salary.
Remote work flexibility.
Supportive international environment.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT, Business, Law, or related field
Language skills
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
and
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
Proficiency in both English and Slovak (written and spoken). Knowledge of other languages ​​will be an advantage.
Bachelor’s degree (IT, Business, Law, or related field).
3+ years of experience in IT security, preferably within financial services, fintech, or crypto.
Some experience in IT, data protection, or risk management.
General knowledge of GDPR and information security.
Previous experience in fintech, crypto, or financial services is advantage.
Basic knowledge of risk assessment tools is advantage.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Legalaes is a professional law firm that mainly work with business clients around the world. Our services includes business registration, obtaining required licenses depending on business activity and documents preparation. In addition, we also assist with recruitment for our clients to hire required employees in to corporate structure and manage employment procedure. Our focus is on building transparent, compliant, and sustainable financial services within the EU.
Contact
Contact person: Edgar Mironov
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5204908
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.12.2025
2025-12-12
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Manager
,
IT Product Manager
,
IT Project Manager
,
IT Security Specialist
,
IT System Administrator
Spoločnosť:
LEGALAES OÜ
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month