Java Developer
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
By agreement
Wage (gross)
3 500 - 4 000 EUR/month
Final salary depends on candidate´s experience
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
For our client we are looking for experienced Java Developer who will take part in building platform services that support Remote Access Management. These services enable key capabilities such as equipment monitoring, fleet management, and remote connectivity.
You will take part in developing scalable backend solutions in Java (Spring Boot) using microservices architectures deployed on cloud (AWS and Azure). The work includes creating RESTful APIs, integrating real-time data streaming, and ensuring high availability and performance through automated CI/CD pipelines. The goal is to deliver a reliable, secure, and scalable platform that enhances digital operations and customer experience.
Employee perks, benefits
You can enjoy non- formal, start-up atmosphere while still working on stable, complex projects
You will work with latest technologies and the output of your work will be used by millions of users around the world
Flexible working hours, home office possibility and salary corresponding to your skills
Great coffee and lots of fun activities (table tennis, foosball, game nights etc.)
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.3.2026
(there are still 103 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our client is a tech company and provides a wide range of products and services.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Personality requirements and skills
Proven experience in the following:
- Designing and developing software applications in Java (preferably Java 11+) with focus on backend development (4+ years)
- Designing, developing, deploying and maintaining software at scale.
- Developing software applications using relational and NonSQL databases.
- Application architectural patterns, such as MVC, Microservices, Event-driven, etc.
- Deploying software using CI/CD tools such as Azure DevOps, Jenkins, etc.
- Deploying and maintaining software using public clouds such as AWS or Azure.
Strong understanding and/or experience in many of the following:
- Building applications using Spring and Spring boot
- Message streaming solutions, such as AWS Kinesis, AWS SQS, AWS SNS, Apache Kafka, RabbitMQ, Apache ActiveMQ.
- Experience designing well-defined Restful APIs
- Hands on experience with API tools such as Swagger, Postman and Assertible
- Test Driven Development and Behavior Driven Development.
- Hands on experience with testing tools such as Cucumber and Selenium and their integration into CI/CD pipelines.
- Datastores such as AWS Aurora, AWS RDS, AWS DynamoDB, MongoDB, ElasticSearch, Cassandra, Redis, MySQL, Oracle.
- Other AWS technologies, such as API Gateway, ALB, NLB, Fargate, Lambda, S3, CloudWatch, KMS, etc
- Debugging and maintaining software in Linux or Unix platforms
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: IT Recruitment
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5204454
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.12.2025
2025-12-11
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Java Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month