Cloud Software Developer (m/f/d)
StreamUnlimited Slovakia s. r. o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
To be agreed upon
Wage (gross)
2 800 EUR/month
Competitive final salary based on skills and experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
You will architect, build, and maintain scalable and resilient software solutions on Google Cloud Platform.
You will collaborate closely with embedded software teams to integrate our hardware products with cloud services.
You will ensure the security, reliability, and performance of our cloud infrastructure.
You will work with large-scale data ingestion, processing, and storage systems.
You will stay up-to-date with the latest cloud technologies and best practices to drive innovation.
Beside working on customer-projects you are involved in internal research projects
Employee perks, benefits
•Truly flexible working hours: no fixed part
• Informal work environment: virtually no bureaucracy
• Complete freedom in the style of work: everyone can choose their own tools and approaches
• Collaborative and friendly, team-oriented environment
• Hybrid work model available
• Challenging, innovative projects
• Collaboration with the world’s leading technology companies (incl. trips to Asia and USA)
• Thin management that is very approachable and part of the team - your ideas can make a difference
• Growing company with various career possibilities
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Your profile:
Hands-on experience with Google Cloud Platform (GCP) services such as App engine, Cloud Run, Cloud SQL, BigQuery, Dataflow & Apache Beam.
Proficiency in Front- and Back-End development with Python, Java & JavaScript
Object oriented programming
You are familiar with API design concepts
You have great opportunity to apply your knowledge if you have some experience in one or more of the following fields:
Experience with Apache Superset
Awareness about the EU Data Act
Knowledge of React or Flutter frameworks
Knowledge of data analytics and machine learning services on GCP (e.g. Vertex AI).
Advanced knowledge of cloud networking and security principles.
Experience with C++ for creating efficient cloud-to-device integrations.
Sounds good? We are looking forward to your application!
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
StreamUnlimited Engineering develops software and electronics for audio streaming, voice assistant devices, wireless smart speakers and is the global leader in this field. Our solutions are used by Premium Consumer Brands, as well as manufacturers of Smart Home products. We also develop Connectivity solutions for other industries, i.e. medical technology. StreamUnlimited is a main player in the field of Google Cast, Google Voice Assistant and Amazon Alexa and is also the worldwide certification house for Google Cast. We operate offices in Bratislava, Vienna, Shenzhen and Silicon Valley.
Although being already a medium sized company and a serious, well-recognized player in industry, we prefer to keep the company attitude as a friendly group of highly skilled people who enjoy the work they do. We do not torture our employees with an insane amount of bureaucracy. On the contrary, we respect everyone's flexible working hours, we have a minimum number of meetings and we encourage our engineers to select the tools and the approach for the given task. Also, the management aren't the guys in suits whom you never meet, but they are an active part of the team effort – everyone can speak to them, present ideas and actually make a difference!
Enjoy the fun of playing hard in the high technology league, to beat Asian competition by being more creative, more innovative, faster, better. It is possible! Check out www.StreamUnlimited.com to learn more about us.
Number of employees
100-149 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Eduard Ševc
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5204042
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.12.2025
2025-12-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
StreamUnlimited Slovakia s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month