About us
Open positions
Benefits
Contact
Student Part-time Market Intelligence Support
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary *
From 8 EUR/hour
Contract type
part-time
* Of course, an overpayment is possible depending on the respective training, qualification and professional experience. The gross salary is based on these aforementioned criteria and is finally determined after the personal interview.
Henkel operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in two exciting business areas: Consumer Brands (Laundry & Home Care and Beauty Care) and Adhesive Technologies. Our success is built on constant innovation and people who strive for excellence. Working at Henkel is much more than just a job. It's a passion. Have you got what it takes?
Your role
Perform regular updates of Net Revenue Management dashboards
Adjust and improve dashboards (visuals and backend)
Export, prepare, and validate data for reporting and analysis
Process and maintain data flows in Alteryx or KNIME
Ensure smooth communication with business partners (written & verbal)
Collaborate on continuous improvement of reporting and analytics processes
Your skills
University student of 4th – 5th grade
Strong logical thinking and ability to structure work
Interest in developing skills in Data Analysis and advanced Excel
Experience with Power BI is a strong advantage
Confidence in regular communication with business partners
Fluency in English
Proactive approach, attention to detail and eagerness to learn
Use what you studied in practice!
PLEASE SEND YOUR CV IN ENGLISH
Benefits we offer
Extra contribution to lunch vouchers
Work in international company
Flexible worktime
Multisport Card possibility
Home Office possibility
#HenkelSlovensko
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5204322
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.12.2025
2025-12-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
,
Reporting Specialist
Spoločnosť:
HENKEL SLOVENSKO, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
8 EUR/hour