Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Lead Architect (Solution Architect DevOps Technologies) with German Language
Place of work
Košice
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 500 EUR/month.
Join the team at Operational Services GmbH, within Deutsche Telekom Systems Solutions Slovakia, providing opportunities for German-speaking talents in Slovakia. OS is one of the leading ICT service providers in the German market and is considered the backbone of digitization in medium-sized companies. With almost 1,000 highly qualified employees, OS develops and operates the most modern IT systems for our customers, ensures long-term system support, and maintains the availability of critical business processes.
What will you do?
Design, develop, implement, and support ICT components, cloud solutions, and applications to deliver a high-quality product and service portfolio.
Act as a senior technical expert and lead architect, responsible for the design, implementation, and operation of Microsoft and cloud-based solutions, ensuring stability, scalability, and efficiency.
Perform, coordinate, and improve complex activities (3rd level environment) to provide IT services and supporting infrastructure, fulfilling relevant KPIs.
Build, consult, and implement cloud architectures (public, private, hybrid, multi-cloud), with strong focus on Microsoft Azure and related technologies.
Support migrations of IT infrastructures and software solutions to the Azure cloud and manage related customer projects.
Design, develop, and implement architectures of services based on platform requirements, ensuring compliance with business needs and industry standards.
Provide consulting and advisory services to customers, management, and project teams regarding IT, cloud, and DevOps architecture.
Mentor and train co-workers to share expertise, spread knowledge, and build internal competencies.
Research and adopt new technologies, processes, and methods for automation, optimization, and innovation.
Manage relationships with key vendors, particularly Microsoft, to stay up to date on innovations, licensing, and best practices.
Identify weaknesses in processes, propose improvements, and implement cost optimization and efficiency measures.
Act as the key technical lead, coordinating activities across related technologies and multiple stakeholders.
You will succeed if you:
Speak
German (B2 - C1 – mandatory)
and
English (B2–C1 preferred)
.
Hold a
Master’s or diploma degree in Information Technology
(or equivalent knowledge and experience).
Have
5+ years of professional experience
in Microsoft products and technologies (Windows Server, Hyper-V, Active Directory, Azure, Azure Stack, MS SQL Server, O365, Dynamics365).
Bring
strong expertise in licensing of Microsoft products
and solution design in the IT outsourcing environment.
Have solid knowledge of
applications, infrastructures, architecture concepts, virtualization, networking, operating systems, and security
.
Possess proven experience in
cloud computing (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS)
and
DevOps practices
.
Hold relevant
technical certifications
(e.g., MCSE, MCSD, or other cloud/DevOps certifications).
Are experienced in
project management, quality management, and financial literacy
.
Have strong
leadership, presentation, and negotiation skills
, as well as mentoring and training experience.
Demonstrate excellent problem-solving ability, analytical thinking, and a
hands-on, team-player mentality
.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
2 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 500 EUR/month.
Contact
Contact person: Anna Heveryová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5204755
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.12.2025
2025-12-11
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Architect
,
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month