Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior Software Developer with PHP
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
DigiHUB MARE is the way to digital future!
One Backend for multiple Front ends
Uncompromising customer focus - Uncompromising IT
The DigiHub Mare is responsible for the development of applications for the end customers in Germany, the employees of Deutsche Telekom Technik, Deutsche Telekom Field Service and Deutsche Telekom Service and for technical solutions to support customer side processes.
Purpose
Software Developer works to develop, design and implement of new or modified software products or ongoing business projects. Target of development is automation of business processes and cross platform automation. Holder of the position handles all phases of software development lifecycle, especially for small or midsize solutions. Follow agreed methodology steps and rituals and take responsibility for produced code to independently deliver functional solution with team. Share knowledge with less experience colleagues. Document and share best practices. Constantly work on self-development and follow industry trends.
What will you do?
Lead development of Front-End applications and back-end processes for DTT
Designing and building of front-end assistants (robots), interfaces (SOAP, Rest, Tardis etc.) customer GUIs and system overlays
Work on program desired applications / functionalities defined in tickets in the cooperation with our steering team and the product owner
Analysis of the requirements and communication with internal stakeholders
Use agreed programing language or tools to develop automation solutions
Creative approach within complex solution and technology
Active participation on research & development projects
You will succeed if you:
Have knowledge in:
PHP storm and object -based programming
JavaScript, C+, Python
Selenium
GitLab
HTML
MySQL/ MARIA DB
Docker
Speak:
English – Upper intermediate (B2)
German - Advantage
Other criteria or requirements
Several years of experience working in IT industry
Advanced experience with programming and application design
Good skills in integrating systems and applications.
Good understanding of Cloud systems, DevOps concepts and tooling
Willingness to learn and teach new technologies.
Being self-motivated and organized
Solid communication skills (oral and written), and willingness to develop them further.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 3 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Možná
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5204821
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.12.2025
2025-12-11
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
PHP Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 100 EUR/month