IT Support Engineer
Vertiv Slovakia, a. s.
Place of work
Nové Mesto nad Váhom District
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
1 700 EUR/month
Negotiable
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a skilled and proactive
IT Support Engineer
to join our team. In this role, you will be responsible for providing second-level technical support to our users, managing IT infrastructure, and ensuring adherence to corporate security and technical standards. If you have a passion for technology, problem-solving, and delivering reliable IT solutions, this role is for you.
Key Responsibilities
Provide
second-level technical support
to internal users, solving more complex hardware and software issues.
Perform
servicing and maintenance of IT equipment
; communicate with external suppliers when required.
Coordinate and support
local IT projects
, ensuring timely and successful execution.
Monitor and maintain
local network security and antivirus protection
.
Manage local IT security practices and ensure
compliance with corporate security policies
.
Perform
hardware and software installation, configuration, and deployment
according to internal standards.
Oversee and execute
hardware refresh cycle s
and lifecycle management of IT equipment.
The successful candidate will embrace Vertiv's Core Principals & Behaviors to help execute our Strategic Priorities.
OUR CORE PRINCIPALS:
Safety. Integrity. Respect. Teamwork. Diversity & Inclusion.
OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES
Customer Focus
Operational Excellence
High-Performance Culture
Innovation
Financial Strength
OUR BEHAVIORS
Own It
Act With Urgency
Foster a Customer-First Mindset
Think Big and Execute
Lead by Example
Drive Continuous Improvement
Learn and Seek Out Development
Employee perks, benefits
• Working in a professional and international team.
• Annual  Wage Increase.
• Christmas bonus 100% of the basic salary.
• Working leave for regeneration with wage compensation – 10 days.
• Food allowance in excess of the law.
• Flexible working hours.
• 7.5 hours of working time.
• Referral bonus.
• Other benefits within the social program (contributions for blood donations, contributions for work and life anniversaries).
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Educational Specialization
Supply Chain Performance Manager
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Office 365 - Advanced
Microsoft Windows - Advanced
Driving licence
B
Experience in the position/sector
IT, user support
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
Requirements:
Secondary school or University education in IT field
3- years experience
English language - B1
Technical/practical abilities:
Knowledge of the operating systems and Office package software
Basic knowledge of LAN and WAN connectivity
Ability to assemble and maintain hardware components
Personality prerequisites:
Pro-customer approach
Positive approach to problem solving
Team approach
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Who are we?
At Vertiv, we’re on a mission to empower the people that will power the future. From a simple swipe to life-changing medicines, from push notifications to generative AI. We design, manufacture, and service the products and solutions that keep the world connected.  With $6.9 billion in revenue, a strong customer base and global reach spanning nearly 70 countries, we are uniquely positioned to deliver greater value to our customers and create new opportunities for our people.
Vertiv Slovakia has more than 20 years of history in Slovakia. We have manufacturing plant in Nove Mesto nad Váhom, where are employed more than 1000 employees and Shared Service Centre for region EMEA was established in Bratislava 10 years ago.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Lenka Jesenská
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5204028
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.12.2025
2025-12-10
lokalita:
Nové Mesto nad Váhom
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Vertiv Slovakia, a. s.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 700 EUR/month