IT Specialist
Mobis Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Gbeľany
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
1 865 EUR/month
Základná mzda je 1513€ pre absolventa. Súčasťou odmeňovania je aj osobné ohodnotenie a motivačné bonusy (napr.  štvrťročný bonus, 13. mzda je do výšky 80% zo základnej mzdy a 14. mzda do 150% zo základnej mzdy). Priemerná mzda po odpracovaní 12 mesiacov je 1865€. Skúsenejším uchádzačom bude stanovená mzda individuálne podľa praxe (uvedené mzdy sú po skúšobnej dobe).
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
* Administration jobs of IT department ( invoices, contracts, purchasing IT devices and
consumables)
* Coordination of IT helpdesk team
* Communication with end-users
* Solving problems with HQ and end-users
* IT asset management ( periodical inventory, maintaining stock of IT devices)
* Training of end-users
* Creation manuals and documentation
Employee perks, benefits
* The possibility to work with international companies in the automotive sector
* Possibility of professional growth
* Incentive salary level
* Annual salary valorization
* Christmas voucher
* A wide range of employee discounts
* Possibility of using the MultiSport card
* Company transport
* Production bonus, extra bonus, 13th salary up to 80% and 14th salary up to 150% of
basic salary
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Office - Advanced
SAP - Basic
Microsoft Office 365 - Advanced
Driving licence
B
Experience in the position/sector
1
Number of years of experience
1
Personality requirements and skills
Effective communication
Teamwork
Reliability
Ability to make decisions
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Mobis Slovakia s.r.o in tandem with Kia Motors move to build a plant in Slovakia to aggressively advance into the European market. Hyundai Mobis established Mobis Slovakia (MSS) to supply modules and bumpers to locally manufactured Kia Motor on a Just In Sequence (JIS) & Just In Time (JIT) basis. The corporation was established in February 2004 and in May 2006 production lines and facilities were completed. In November 2006 Mobis Slovakia began producing and suppluing three key modules for Kia cars manufactured by Kia Motors to advance into the European market. Mobis Slovakia is doing a key role in central Europe to lead the world auto parts industry of the 21st century by entering the group of the global top 10 as the representative Korean parts manufacturer.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Personálne oddelenie
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5204609
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.12.2025
2025-12-11
lokalita:
Gbeľany
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
IT Security Specialist
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Mobis Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 865 EUR/month