Shape the Future with Photoneo, now part of Zebra Technologies
Technical Writer (Internship)
Location
Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Wage
part-time, agreement-based (Temporary jobs)
Type of employment
From 8 EUR/hour
About this position
We're looking for a motivated student from the Technical University to join us at Photoneo, now part of Zebra Technologies as a Technical Writer.
In this part-time role, you'll assist with maintaining and documenting robotic programs for different brands. While a basic understanding of robotics programming principles is preferred, we welcome candidates with a curiosity to learn.
Main task is to contribute to documentation for our products, alongside that You'll have the chance to develop, test, and implement robotic applications compatible with our product portfolio. This position is designed to provide a learning experience, starting with documentation and then expanding into other roles within the company. It's a great opportunity for you to gain valuable skills and qualifications, paving the way for exciting career paths in our R&D, application engineering, or product department upon graduation.
Location
Bratislava, Slovakia
Type of Employment
Part-time
Reports to
VP of Strategy / Application Engineering Manager
Key Responsibilities:
Contribute to documentation for related product portfolio
Write and maintain documentation, manuals, integration guides
Maintain and develop robotic programs using various programming languages
Troubleshoot and debug robotic programs to ensure optimal performance
Document robotic programs and procedures for future reference
Requirements:
Student of FEI or any other technical university in field of Robotics Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or a related field
Good Technical English in written
Programming skills in Rapid, KRL, Karel, UR script, ROS and/or any other robot programing language is preferred
Familiarity with industrial automation protocols and standards is a plus
Ability to work independently
Upload your CV now!
Contact Person:
Mgr.  Brano Mesaros
Benefits
Home / Hybrid Workplace
Flexible work schedule
Unlimited sick days
Parking, bike storage, showers
Professional development
Pet friendly office
Generous referral program
Rooftop terrace with great view
and much more...
Upload your CV now!
Contact Person:
Mgr.  Brano Mesaros
About Photoneo
Photoneo, now part of Zebra Technologies, is a global leader in robotic 3D vision and intelligence, empowering robots to "see" and understand their surroundings with unmatched precision. Based on patented 3D technology, Photoneo’s solutions are transforming industries such as automotive, logistics, e-commerce, food, and medical. Learn more at
www.photoneo.com
.
< Back to job positions
Your ideas. Our technology. A smarter future.
Zebra Technologies Slovakia s.r.o., Plynárenská 6, 821 09 Bratislava, Slovakia
You can react to this job
without sending your CV
. It is sufficient to fill in a form.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5204426
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.12.2025
2025-12-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Technical Writer
Spoločnosť:
Zebra Technologies Slovakia s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
8 EUR/hour