About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Business Analyst
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 200 - 3 700 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between EUR 2,200 and EUR 3,700 per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers: • the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, • the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience. In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits. Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As a Technical Business Analyst specializing in retrocession, you'll bridge the gap between business needs and technical implementation in a fascinating niche of the reinsurance industry. Don't worry if retrocession is new territory—we provide comprehensive training and support to help you thrive in this specialized field
Key Responsibilities
•	Collaborate closely with Product Owners and Product Area Leads to define and refine product requirements
•	Translate complex business terminology into technical language and vice versa, serving as a communication bridge
•	Support the resolution of operational incidents and defects with analytical problem-solving
•	Challenge and optimize requirements and processes to drive high-value improvements
•	Create clear, concise requirements and acceptance criteria that are unambiguous, complete, consistent, and verifiable
•	Engage with business customers on support activities, requirement gathering, and specification
About the Team
Our team develops, extends, and maintains business applications and their interfaces across the entire business value chain. Our mission is to enable better use of data, drive automation, and achieve high efficiency. You will join a collaborative environment where knowledge sharing and continuous learning are core to how we work.
Employee perks, benefits
You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
You're a natural communicator who thrives on understanding the intricacies of systems and processes. Your curiosity drives you to explore specialized domains, and you excel at translating complex concepts into clear, actionable insights. You approach challenges with enthusiasm and bring a fresh perspective to technical problem-solving.
We are looking for candidates who meet these requirements:
•	Experience with business analysis methodologies and practices
•	Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with exceptional attention to detail
•	Excellent communication abilities to articulate complex technical issues to non-technical audiences
These are additional nice to haves:
•	Experience with re/insurance, particularly in technical accounting
•	Familiarity with agile development approaches (e.g., Scrum)
•	Knowledge of tools like Azure DevOps and Confluence
•	Background in requirements gathering and documentation
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Livia Pasztorova
Apply here
ID:
5204469
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.12.2025
2025-12-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month