Solution Owner R&D (Regulatory & Quality)
Unomedical s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
2 900 EUR/month
minimum 2.900€ / monthly (depending on experiences and quality of the candidate) + annual global incentive plan-bonus and other benefits in compliance with social benefit program of the company
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Position Overview
The Solution Owner R&D (Regulatory & Quality) is responsible for the full lifecycle of R&D-related management systems, ensuring alignment with regulatory requirements and operational needs. This role combines technical expertise with strategic vision to optimize processes and maintain system integrity across global operations.
Key Responsibilities
Design, configure, test, deploy, maintain, and improve applications.
Collaborate closely with QA, IT, and business stakeholders to define system requirements and solutions.
Orchestrate clear, efficient, and well-documented configurations and scripts, following best practices and compliance standards.
Participate in system reviews and validation activities to ensure system quality, regulatory compliance (e.g., GxP, 21 CFR Part 11), and data integrity.
Troubleshoot, debug, and upgrade existing systems to ensure optimal operations and minimal downtime.
Contribute to the full system lifecycle, from requirements gathering and design through deployment, training, and ongoing support.
Stay updated with emerging technologies and apply relevant advancements to improve system functionality.
Work closely with QA and compliance teams to ensure that applications meet the highest quality and regulatory standards.
Assist in project planning, task estimation, and risk identification, proactively addressing potential issues and proposing effective solutions.
Provide ongoing support, training, and mentorship to users and administrators
Key Requirements
Minimum of 7-8 years of experience in IT Systems operations, with a focus on regulatory and Quality Solutions.
Proven experience with Regulatory & Quality Systems.
Proficient in system configuration, SLA Management and business stakeholder management.
Strong understanding of data management and regulatory requirements (e.g., GxP, 21 CFR Part 11).
Experience with software development methodologies (e.g., Agile, Scrum) and system validation practices.
Familiarity with database technologies (e.g., SQL) and web services (e.g., REST, SOAP).
Experience with version control systems (e.g., GitHub) and change management processes.
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills, with attention to detail and data integrity.
Strong communication and teamwork abilities, with experience collaborating across functional teams.
Experience with cloud services and technologies is a plus.
Ability to lead training sessions and support end-users in a regulated environment.
Education/ Qualifications
A Masters / Bachelor's degree in business, information technology, or a related field. Advanced degrees or certifications are a plus.
Itil 4, Prince 2 or GMP is a plus
Travel Requirements
Position involves travel up to 10% of the time, mostly within Europe, Asia Pacific, and the Americas. Most trips will include overnight travel.
Languages
English
Spanish or Portuguese a plus
Working conditions
Remote working model
Employee perks, benefits
Employee perks, benefits:
Annual global incentive plan-bonus
Large corporation with representation and manufacturing plants in the world
Stable employer in Slovakia, Košice region
Corporate culture – Underpinning everything we do are our values:
Improve Care
Deliver results
Grow together
Own it
Do what´s right
Introduction program according to company standards
Development trainings
Career opportunities for internal employees
Referral bonus system
Recognition program
Supplementary pension plan after the trial period with the employer's contribution
Social fund (various support and perks for employees)
Information about the selection process
Please send your CV only in English language.
Only candidates who meet our requirements will be invited for the interview. Data of not selected candidates will be deleted in compliance with GDPR and data protection law.
Information about personal data processing of job seekers is located on link: https://www.convatec.com/sk-sk/o-nas/kariera/
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Sme priekopníkom v zavádzaní dôveryhodných medicínskych riešení na zlepšenie životov, ktorých sa dotýkame: Unomedical s.r.o. je súčasťou spoločnosti Convatec, ktorá je globálnou firmou v oblasti medicínskych produktov a technológií. Zameriava sa na riešenia pre zvládanie chronických stavov a má vedúce postavenie v pokročilej starostlivosti hojenia rán, stómie, inkontinencie a infúznej terapie. S viac ako 10 000 kolegami celosvetovo poskytujeme naše produkty a služby v približne 90 krajinách, a to všetko spojené s prísľubom Forever caring (večnej starostlivosti). Naše riešenia prinášajú celý rad výhod, od prevencie infekcií a ochrany ohrozenej kože, až po zlepšené výsledky pre pacientov a znížené náklady na starostlivosť. Tržby spoločnosti Convatec v roku 2024 presiahli 2 miliardy dolárov. Spoločnosť je zaradená do indexu FTSE 100 (LSE:CTEC). Ak sa chcete dozvedieť viac, navštívte prosím https://www.convatecgroup.com
Ďalšie informácie nájdete na https://careers.convatec.com – ďakujeme za váš záujem!
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Filipa Casquinha
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5205264
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.12.2025
2025-12-12
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
,
Systems Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Unomedical s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 900 EUR/month