Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Cloud Architect
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
Salary
Final salary is
negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 200 € /brutto.
Additional information
* Please be informed that our
remote working possibility is only available within Slovakia
due to European taxation regulation.
What will you do?
As a QA Tester/Cloud Architect you understand the latest developments in cloud and container technology. Customer-oriented, you will further develop the stability, reliability, and quality of our Open Telekom Cloud platform.
WHAT WILL YOU DO?
Develop, execute and monitor automated tests.
Detect errors in interfaces and functionality.
Consistently automate using common automation frameworks.
Review and correct product documentation.
Solve complex problems in the day-to-day operation of a hyper-scaler's cloud backend.
Work in a team of specialists where everyone helps each other in an open and trusting manner.
You will succeed if you:
YOU WILL SUCCEED IF YOU:
Completed studies in a technical, engineering or scientific subject or comparable professional training.
5-7 years of professional experience in IT with a focus on modern cloud technologies.
A lot of experience with test methods, test automation and test tools.
Practical knowledge with Linux
High level of customer focus.
Knowledge of agile development processes.
Ability to assess technical solutions and find creative approaches to solutions.
OpenStack and programming experience in open source projects is a plus.
Fluency in written and spoken English.
You will be working in the European Union to meet our customers' data security and privacy requirements.
Have technical stack:
In-depth knowledge of Linux, system tools and network related services
Solution architecture experiences of one of the know public cloud platforms (AWS, GCP, OTC, MS Azure) – top 1
Expert in one of the below, but to have general knowledge about others
Terraform and Kubernetes
Docker and Containers
Network General
Security and privacy
API and Ansible
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
Salary
Final salary is
negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 200 € /brutto.
Additional information
* Please be informed that our
remote working possibility is only available within Slovakia
due to European taxation regulation.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lucia Gbúrová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5205895
Dátum zverejnenia:
15.12.2025
2025-12-15
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
IT Architect
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month