Developer for Healthcare/MedTech Products
Place of work
Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 2 100 EUR/month
From 2100 + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Do you want to help create the future of healthcare? Our name, Siemens Healthineers, was selected to honor our people who dedicate their energy and passion to this cause. It reflects their pioneering spirit combined with our long history of engineering in the ever-evolving healthcare industry. We offer you a flexible and dynamic environment with opportunities to go beyond your comfort zone to grow personally and professionally. Sound interesting?
Then come and join our syngo Virtual Cockpit team as Senior Developer and use your expertise to develop products which add real value to the healthcare systems worldwide.
syngo Virtual Cockpit (sVC) is Siemens Healthineers’ software for vendor independent remote scanning.
With sVC, we transform care delivery and achieve a higher level of standardization and diagnostic consistency. By enabling virtual access to experts, sVC allows care teams to increase productivity and provide the highest quality of care in all locations.
See more on:
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/medical-imaging-it/syngo-carbon-products/virtual-cockpit
We will consider your preferences and strengths in the daily work - if you like and excel in Web technologies, let’s leverage that! On the other hand, if backend development is more of your specialty, let’s make use of it!
Special addition within our team is the access to the Microsoft Enterprise Skills Initiative, with possibly tailored curriculums available for your professional growth as well as for our product development needs.
More about us:
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk/kariera-v-dc
Responsibilities:
Design and develop high-quality software design and architecture
Collaborate with different teams, from development to integration and customer support
Perform validation and verification testing
Improve efficiency through appropriate tools and automation
Continuously learn and adapt to new technologies
What do we expect:
Degree in computer science (or related field)
2+ experiences years in software development
object-oriented programming in C#
web development knowledge (HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript, Angular) or backend development knowledge (ASP.NET, ASP.NET Core, WebApi) or both
principles of Software Craftsmanship (Design Patterns, Clean Code, SOLID, TDD)
cloud development, preferably Azure is an advantage
Analytical and problem-solving skills
English - advanced, German - nice to have
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards:
starting from 2100 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at [3]
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work - combination of telework and work from office
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days - free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Wellbeing program - Psychological, Legal and Financial Counseling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5205136
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.12.2025
2025-12-12
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 100 EUR/month