O nás
Otvorené pozície
Business Development & Planning Analyst
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Start date
asap
Wage (gross)
2 680 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Purpose of the Role
Empowering smart business growth by actively supporting the management team and key stakeholders through strategic alignment, in-depth analysis of performance and market data, proactive monitoring of external factors that may impact our business and laying the foundation for volume and pricing strategies.
Key Responsibilities
Stakeholder Support & Market Analysis
Assist in gathering and analyzing market data to support volume and pricing assumptions.
Collaborate with senior team members to ensure alignment with strategic objectives.
Provide basic insights and prepare reports for stakeholder discussions.
Financial Analysis & Decision Support
Contribute to the creation of financial models and scenario analyses under guidance.
Perform routine and ad-hoc data analysis to identify trends and potential risks.
Working closely with category leads to support planning activities.
Performance Monitoring
Track execution of volume and pricing plans and maintain KPI dashboards.
Highlight variances and assist in preparing recommendations for improvement.
Business Partnering
Build collaborative relationships with internal teams.
Provide timely and accurate information to support decision-making processes.
Employee perks, benefits
WHAT WE OFFER:
· 13th & 14th salary
· Extra days off
· Flexible working time
· Supplementary pension plan (III. pillar)
· Life & accident insurance
· MultiSport Card
· Employee Assistance Program
· Opportunities for career development & growth
· Work for a multinational company - certified Equal Salary & TopEmployer
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Education
University degree (Bachelor’s or Master’s) in Business, Economics, Finance, or related field.
Language Skills
English: Upper Intermediate (B2) or higher.
Experience & Competencies
Minimum 3 years of experience in Business Analysis, Finance, or related roles.
Knowledge of budgeting, forecasting, and financial reporting.
Strong analytical skills with attention to detail.
Good communication and presentation skills.
Ability to work independently, adapt quickly and manage tight deadlines.
Proficiency in written and spoken English.
Advanced knowledge of ERP Systems and MS office
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Philip Morris International is the world’s leading international tobacco company, with a diverse workforce of around 80,000 people. Six of the world's top international 15 brands, spanning more than 180 markets, are ours, including Marlboro, the world's number one. We operate 48 production facilities in 32 different countries.
Over the last decade we’re dedicated to doing something very dramatic – replacing cigarettes with the smoke-free products that we’re developing and selling.
That’s why we have a total of over 400 dedicated scientists, engineers, and technicians developing less harmful alternatives to cigarettes. It’s the biggest shift in our history. And it’s the right one for our consumers, our company, our shareholders, and society.
Number of employees
100-149 employees
Contact
Contact person: Personálne Oddelenie
E-mail:
send CV
Mám záujem
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
www.svetbezdymu.sk
www.facebook.com/PhilipMorrisSlovakia
NÁŠ SVET NIE JE POPOLNÍK
(worldnoashtray.com)
Ako sa zbaviť fajčenia? Najlepšou možnosťou je prestať fajčiť úplne a pokiaľ neprestanete, zvoľte lepšiu alternatívu oproti fajčeniu | Unsmoke.sk
(unsmokeyourworld.com)
ID:
5205810
Dátum zverejnenia:
15.12.2025
2025-12-15
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Database Analyst
,
Production Planner
,
Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Philip Morris Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 680 EUR/month