Who we are
Company
Open Roles
18
Benefits
Early Talent
Back
Mobile Test Engineer
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Start date & Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/month
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Who is CAT Digital? What do we do?:
Big machines require big thinking. Are you looking or your next big challenge?
Cat® Digital is the digital and technology arm of Caterpillar Inc., leveraging the latest technologies to build industry leading digital solutions for our customers and dealers. With over one million connected assets worldwide, our teams use data, technology, advanced analytics, telematics, and AI capabilities to help our customers build a better world.
Working with a Fortune 100 leader, you can build your career on a global scale and take advantage of development opportunities with emerging technologies. We’ve created an inclusive environment for you to explore your passions, make an impact and do the work that really matters. Join Us.
Job Opportunity:
We are seeking talented individuals to join our team to help us establish and grow our presence, organization, culture, which will drive our digital product development efforts. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies and collaborate with top professionals working on very high impact and visibility products. Don't miss this chance to join a newly forming presence and support digital innovation for a global leader in heavy machinery!
What will you do?
As a Mobile Test Engineer you will do implementation, regular problem solving, maintenance and support for agile software development of Caterpillar’s products. You will also do:
Maintaining high quality standards of software.
Acquiring client requirements; resolving workflow problems through automation optimization.
Writing test code for new applications, and/or generating and enhancing code samples for existing applications.
Cooperating with development team to define correct acceptance criteria during feature definition phase and support development team through development phase.
Reporting on and managing defects found by the test team and assisting in prioritizing their solutions.
Utilizing automated testing tools to perform the testing and maintenance.
Stay up to date with the latest trends and advancements in IT development and Quality Assurance.
This position works directly with Slovakia-based engineering leadership and Cat Digital IT in US
Employee perks, benefits
At Cat Digital, we are committed to fostering a culture of innovation and continuous learning, and we believe in investing in the development of our employees. As a member of our team, you will have access to a wide range of training and development opportunities, as well as very competitive compensation and benefits packages, like:
3 000+ euros / month gross
Performance related annual cash incentive
1 Volunteering Day
5 days of extra vacation above the legislative requirement
Attractive Life insurance
Multisport Card
Take the chance to apply now for this position at Cat Digital Slovakia branch!
Information about the selection process
Please frequently check the email associated with your application, including the junk/spam folder, as this is the primary correspondence method. If you wish to know the status of your application – please use the candidate log-in on our career website as it will reflect any updates to your status.
Caterpillar is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws.
Caterpillar is committed to creating a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion, respect and integrity, customer focus, and innovation. For more information, visit https://www.caterpillar.com/en/careers/why-caterpillar.html
Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
What you have:
Software Product Testing: Knowledge of software product testing; ability to design, plan, and execute testing strategies and tactics to ensure software product quality and adherence to stated requirements.
System Testing: Knowledge of system and software testing; ability to design, plan and execute system testing strategies and tactics to ensure the quality of software at all stages of the system life cycle.
Software Development Life Cycle: Knowledge of software development life cycle; ability to use a structured methodology for delivering and managing new or enhanced software products to the marketplace.
Software Product Technical Knowledge: Knowledge of technical aspects of software products; ability to design, configure and integrate technical aspects of software products.
Education in computer science, Software Engineering, or related field or relevant experience.
Solid experience with software testing & quality assurance.
Experience with Python and Appium for automation and performance testing.
Understanding of specifics related to testing of responsive mobile applications.
Experience with Azure DevOps or alternative tool.
​Top Candidates will also have:
Some experience with BE/API testing
Some experience with XCode and Android Studio.
Querry AWS for logs investigation
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Caterpillar
is a company of
builders
. Of
challenge breakers
. Of
innovators
who want to impact the world. Our people build and design the products and services that help
shape the communities
where we work and live.
We are building on our legacy and innovating for the next generation. One where
technology-enabled services
create improved outcomes for our people and the customers and communities we serve.
Our ability to innovate and build
begins with our people
. Our tech and digital teams are at the forefront of Caterpillar’s evolution – taking pride in
solving complex problems by building new systems
from the ground up.
On our team, you’ll
leverage data
from across our entire enterprise and
more than 1.5M connected assets
to solve problems and find solutions that open a new world of possibilities for our machines, our customers, our dealers and our business.
While the challenge is great, so is the opportunity. Working with a
Fortune 100 leader
, you can build your career
on a global scale
and take advantage of development opportunities with
emerging technologies
like telematics, data engineering, AI and machine learning, and predictive analytics.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Ľubomíra Jarošová
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
If there is currently no open position suitable for you, please submit your e-mail address and preferences. If a new position (opened in the future) aligns with your qualifications and interests, you may be contacted about the opportunity.
Send CV
Poštová 18, 040 01 Košice
© 2025-2026 Caterpillar. All rights reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5205319
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.12.2025
2025-12-12
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Tester
,
Python Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Caterpillar Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month