Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Non technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Value Proposition Lead
Place of work
Moldavská cesta 8B, Košice-Juh, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
As a Value Proposition Lead for Financial Services, you are a driving force for new technologies or business models. You will identify and assess strategic fields of action on the basis of the company/group strategy and business potential for Financial Services. You advise top management on all technical and strategic issues relating to the product portfolio.
What will you do?
You develop the end-to-end value proposition for specific product lines within the Financial Services domain working closely with the central product organization as well as the commercial & marketing teams from the countries.
You develop business cases and business models for parts of the new and existing business and take over the assessment of the impact on the overall portfolio as well as decision-making.
You carry out market and customer research to evaluate market potentials as well as trend analyses and prepare profitability analyses
You identify portfolio gaps, potentials and implementation measures and carry out risk and feasibility analyses in coordination with stakeholders involved
You advise the management on strategic issues relating to the product portfolio and manage strategically oriented projects
You will succeed if you:
You have a degree with focus on engineering or business administration or a comparable qualification and a work experience of many years in the field of business development.
In addition, you are characterized by the following knowledge and skills:
- Outstanding experience in classic and agile forms of cooperation, especially in the management and management of major projects/programs
- Excellent experience in an international and intercultural environment
- Outstanding knowledge in the evaluation of business opportunities and digital business models
- Outstanding market understanding and knowledge of the relevant product portfolio
- Expert in the development of a holistic (holistic) view
- Expert knowledge in market research and trend scouting
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Lucia Vajdová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5205255
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.12.2025
2025-12-12
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month