Lead .NET Software Engineer for Computed Tomography
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 3 200 EUR/month
From 3200+VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Your Code Can Help Save Lives!
At Siemens Healthineers, we don’t just write software - we create solutions that empower doctors, improve diagnosis, and ultimately save lives around the world.
If you're passionate about solving real-world problems and want your work to directly improve patient care, this is your chance to contribute to the development of CT Scanner Software.
Explore our high-end products:
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/computed-tomography
As a Lead .NET Software Engineer, you will:
Develop and improve medical imaging software using .NET, C#, HTML5, and Angular.
Play a key role in modernizing our technology stack—migrating from the legacy .NET Framework to the latest .NET platform and helping to transform our monolithic architecture into a modern, modular design.
Collaborate in an agile team, ensuring high-quality standards through test automation and continuous improvement of the software lifecycle.
Drive team to quality assurance and actively contribute to maintaining high software standards in a medical environment.
What you bring:
Strong experience in C# and .NET development
Proven expertise in test automation and quality assurance practices.
A proactive mindset to solving complex problems and taking ownership of key projects.
Experience with CI/CD environment.
Understanding the complexities of software development in high-impact, regulated domains (healthcare domain)
Proficiency in English (written and spoken, B2 or higher).
Why Join Us:
YOUR WORK MATTERS - it directly contributes to better, faster, more accurate diagnostics of cancer, heart disease and trauma.
Work globally. Join a truly international team of brilliant minds.
Get challenged, not micromanaged. You’ll own problems and shape solutions.
Great Place to Work Certified. Our employees have spoken about our company culture and how we create a great place to work together.
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards:
starting from 3000 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably.
Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of telework and work from office
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Counseling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5205076
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.12.2025
2025-12-12
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 200 EUR/month