Lenovo Slovakia
Benefits
Jobs
Contact us
Data Integration Developer and Analyst
What do you need to succeed in this opportunity
•	At least 4 years experience as SQL developer with solid understanding of relational databases (DDL/DML/DCL commands) and big data technologies (Azure Synapse, Hadoop).
•	Excellent understanding of ETL/ELT concepts, data modelling, data warehousing and data governance principles.
•	At least 4 years hands on experience with Python for use in data integration, data manipulation and beyond.
•	Excellent problem-solving skills, analytical mindset and attention to detail.
•	Strong communication (fluent in spoken and written English) and collaboration skills to work effectively with teams worldwide.
•	Ability to work with high levels of autonomy, accountability, and integrity.
•	Heavy user of agentic AI products or dev frameworks, e.g.. Google Gemini, ChatGPT, Claude Anthropic, Grok, Devin AI, Microsoft Copilot Studio, GitHub CoPilot, Google Antigravity, Cursor with demonstrable results.
•	Bachelor's degree in IT or highly technical field (engineering, mathematics, data analytics, etc.)
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Educational Specialization
database developer
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
What will you do
•	Act as a key liaison between technical and business domains, translate complex business requirements into data deliverables written in SQL and Python.
•	Design, develop, deploy and maintain robust data integration solutions in Apache Airflow and Azure Data Factory.
•	Maintain Apache Airflow infrastructure, including installation, configuration, and monitoring.
•	Continuously monitor and optimize data workflows for top performance, identify and troubleshoot bottlenecks.
•	Maintain and enhance an event logging system collecting status logs from various Lenovo systems.
•	Maintain existing VMs used by the Data Integration & Insights team and ensure continuous operation.
•	Maintain existing SQL DB backup jobs.
•	Create and continuously update documentation on the back-end implementation.
•	Adhere to code version control best practices.
•	Cooperate with the Analytics team on AI/ML projects by providing data and analytics support.
•	Champion adoption of Gen AI products and dev automation frameworks to improve data workflows and unlock business insights.
Other information
Place of work:
Landererova, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Salary offer (gross):
From 2 800 EUR/month
Base gross monthly salary from 2800 EUR, depending on experience + variable part 12% of your annual earnings.
Start date:
ASAP
Contract type:
full-time
What we offer
Healthcare and well-being
Development
Work - life balance
Bonus system
Community life (CSR)
About Lenovo
Lenovo is a company in a constant state of
creation.
Here, you'll
architect
your own career,
pioneer
new ideas and
master
new skills.
Lenovo Slovakia employs more than
25 nationalities
and
is the biggest shared service center in Lenovo Group.
Our people share a common aspiration to
be the very best.
Whether
serving
our customers,
working
together as a team or
contributing
to the community, we are working to build
unique company.
APPLY
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5206061
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.12.2025
2025-12-16
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Administrator
,
Database Analyst
,
Python Programmer
,
Service Engineer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Lenovo (Slovakia) s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month