FI/CO SAP Senior Consultant
Miba Sinter Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Dolný Kubín
Contract type
full-time
Start date
asap
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
The basic salary component starts from 2000 eur/month (gross). The final salary will depend on the specific knowledge and experience of the candidates. The remuneration also includes an annual variable salary component of 10% of the base salary.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Key Responsibilities
Analyze,      design, and implement SAP FI/CO solutions in alignment with business      requirements
Collaborate      with stakeholders to gather and document process requirements
Configure      and customize SAP FI/CO modules to improve financial and controlling      processes
Provide      expertise in integration with other SAP modules (MM, SD, PP)
Support      users with troubleshooting, training, and ongoing system improvements
Participate      in SAP projects, upgrades, and rollouts
Ensure      compliance with internal and external regulations
Experience      in working in an agile product organization is a bonus
Employee perks, benefits
background in a stable and dynamic foreign company
work in an international team, interesting career opportunities, professional growth
37.5 hours of weekly working time
contribution to company meals beyond the scope of the Labor Code
contribution for work and life jubilee
social, sports and relaxation activities
health program
collective / team events, company events for employees and family members
Information about the selection process
We are seeking a skilled and motivated FI/CO SAP Senior Consultant to join our agile product team. In this role, you will support our finance and controlling processes, optimizing SAP solutions to drive efficiency and sustainability across our operations.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.1.2026
(there are still 45 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Business Administration, Information Technology, or related field
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
University      degree in Business Administration, Information Technology, or related      field
Proven      experience as an SAP FI/CO Consultant (minimum 5 years)
Strong      knowledge of SAP FI/CO modules and related business processes
Experience      with SAP S/4HANA and FIORI
Knowledge      of any development language (e.g. ABAP, Phyton, Java) is a plus
Analytical      mindset with problem-solving skills
Agile      mindset
Excellent      communication and teamwork abilities
Proficiency      in English; German is an advantage
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Miba is one of the leading strategic partners of the international engine and automotive industry. Our product portfolio includes sintered components, engine bearings, friction materials, power electronics components and coatings. Miba products make motor vehicles, trains, ships, aircraft and power plants more efficient, more reliable and more environmentally friendly.
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Eva Mancová
Tel.:
+421905685794
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5206021
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.12.2025
2025-12-16
lokalita:
Dolný Kubín
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
Miba Sinter Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month