High-end position opportunity - Digital Data Architect
localhost s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 4 500 EUR/month
Final agreement depends on your skill-set and experience. This is the subject of a partnership agreement during the selection process.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are currently opening an exciting new position as Digital Data Architect. If you want to participate on international projects with global impact, cooperate with skilled Data Engineers on daily basis and create efficient architecture regarding databases and data processes, this role will be a great opportunity for you.
As a
Digital Data Architect
you will participate in defining functional designs and application systems architecture across various digital platforms as well as:
• Develop detailed architecture deliverables to solve business problems.
• Design an application's technical infrastructure, such as specific databases, programming languages, utilities, and testing approaches.
• Lead the evaluation and deployment of new technologies to add or enhance existing digital technical capabilities.
• Participate in addressing business requirements for applications and collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver digital solutions that meets business results.
Employee perks, benefits
• 6 extra days off: 3x localhost days and 3x sick days
• Referral bonus
• Benefit plus budget
• Multisport Card
• Financial contribution to Pension plan
• Education support (certificates, courses, trainings)
• Physiotherapist sessions once a week in the office
• Bonuses at every smashing life events
• Flexible working arrangements
• Transparent approach and communication
• Supporting your ideas
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
8
Personality requirements and skills
What you already have:
• Experience with data lakes, preferably Snowflake, to efficiently store, manage and analyze large volumes of data.
• Proven experience of components such as EC2, S3, RDS, Lambda, and other services within AWS to design and implement scalable and secure cloud solutions.
•
Experience with various application design methodologies, techniques and tools to convert business requirements into a technical application design.
•
Understanding of processes, techniques, and factors that affect data architecture, and the ability to design blueprints for integrating data resources for business processes and functional support.
•
Knowledge of tools, methods, and techniques of requirement analysis; ability to elicit, analyze and record required business functionality and non-functionality requirements to ensure the success of a system or software development project.
• The ability to determine the root cause of organizational problems and create alternative solutions to resolve these issues.
The best candidates will also have:
• Good understanding of ETL processes, including experience with ETL tools and techniques to manage data integration and transformation.
• Broad experience with both SQL and NoSQL databases to design and manage data storage solutions compliant with business requirements.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Join the digital revolution with localhost!
We're not your average IT company. As a team of passionate tech experts based in Košice, we've spent the last decade empowering global and local brands alike.
Our 100+ strong team of engineers is committed to your success, constantly learning and adapting to bring you the most innovative solutions and state-of-the-art software. Whether you're a startup or an enterprise, we're your trusted partner.
Reach out today and let's shape your digital future together: info@localhost.company
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Patrik Polák
Tel.:
+421905595022
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5206702
Dátum zverejnenia:
18.12.2025
2025-12-18
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
IT Architect
,
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
localhost s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 500 EUR/month