About us
Open positions
Benefits
Contact
Infrastructure Regions Specialist
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary *
From 2 300 EUR/month
Contract type
full-time
* Of course, an overpayment is possible depending on the respective training, qualification and professional experience. The gross salary is based on these aforementioned criteria and is finally determined after the personal interview.
Henkel operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in two exciting business areas: Consumer Brands (Laundry & Home Care and Beauty Care) and Adhesive Technologies. Our success is built on constant innovation and people who strive for excellence. Working at Henkel is much more than just a job. It's a passion. Have you got what it takes?
Your role
As an Infrastructure Regions Analyst, you will report to the Manager of Infrastructure Regions, who in turn reports to the Global Head of Infrastructure Regions. Our Infrastructure Regions (HSR) encompass the domains of Facility Management, Health, SHE, Security, Business Continuity, and Risk Management across Henkel locations globally, including APAC, Europe, North and Latin America, and IMEA. Our primary aim is to ensure our people remain safe, secure, and healthy while providing exceptional work environments that enhance their performance.
Your responsibilities will therefore be diverse, focusing on project management, quality management, reporting, and overseeing HSR-managed IT applications.
In this role you will be responsible for:
Support high-impact projects, with clear timelines, milestones, and deliverables while tracking progress, proactively addressing risks and proposing mitigation measures (e.g. ticketing tool in Facility Management).
Drive the preparation of yearly management review and quarterly performance reviews for all respective regions and domains (Health, SHE, Facility Management, Security).
Review and update internal documentation and desktop procedures, ensuring they are stored in the appropriate channels.
Support initial data requests for internal audits and coordinate tasks across regions.
Regularly monitor HSR KPI, follow up on addressed inconsistencies with involvement of respective colleagues.
Conduct regular reviews of HSR-managed IT applications and drive the completion of GRC (Governance, Risk, Compliance) controls, addressing various cybersecurity risks in collaboration with relevant stakeholders.
Prepare and facilitate leadership meetings, townhalls, with clear agendas, presentations, documentation, and follow-ups.
Be actively communicating within and beyond Infrastructure Regions and ensuring a cross-departmental alignment for running initiatives and projects.
Identify and drive implementation of continuous improvements in area of your responsibilities.
Your skills
Completed university education is an advantage.
Advanced English language skills are required.
Native-level knowledge of the Slovak language is a nice-to-have.
Required technical skills: Advanced Microsoft Excel and Microsoft PowerPoint skills.
Strong communication and presentation abilities, with a systematic approach to work, problem-solving, and attention to detail.
Proactive, responsible, and willing to learn, with a result-oriented mindset.
Resilient to stress, flexible, and able to handle ad-hoc activities.
Benefits we offer
Flexible work scheme with flexible hours, hybrid work model and up to 30 days per year for remote work abroad
Diverse national and international growth opportunities
Globally applicable well-being standards, including health and preventive care programs
Gender-neutral parental leave for a minimum of 8 weeks
Employee Share Plan with voluntary investment and Henkel matching shares
13th salary, incentives
Cafeteria benefit system, Multisport card
Henkel shop and Henkel nursery school
Extra paid days off for special life situations, referral and relocation bonus
#HenkelSlovensko
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5206331
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.12.2025
2025-12-16
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Database Analyst
,
Health and Safety Officer
,
Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
HENKEL SLOVENSKO, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 300 EUR/month