IT Application Management Professional
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
2 500 EUR/month
From 2 500 + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you ready for a challenge where your IT expertise helps improve healthcare and transform people’s lives?
Join us as an IT Application Manager and become the backbone of our global IT ecosystem.
What you’ll do?
IT Application Management:
Own and manage critical IT applications ensuring they deliver maximum value.
Lead key processes: Incident, Problem, Access, Change, Release, and Configuration Management.
Drive Continuous Service Improvement and manage budgets effectively.
Be the escalation hero when challenges arise.
Quality & Compliance Champion:
Ensure full compliance with legal, internal, and healthcare regulations.
Maintain accurate documentation and act as the go-to expert for audits.
Safeguard data privacy and uphold IT security standards.
Why you’ll love this role:
Global impact across Healthineers Business Units.
A dynamic environment where technology meets healthcare.
Opportunities to innovate and improve processes continuously.
Your mission: Keep our IT applications running flawlessly, securely, and in compliance—while shaping the future of healthcare IT.
Required Knowledge/Skills, Education, and Experience
Bachelor or master’s degree in computer science/engineering and/or Business Management
2-5 years of experiences in IT Application Management especially in Incident and Problem Management
Experience with web-based and cloud applications
Superior verbal and written communication skills with an emphasis on multicultural sensitivity
Critical thinking and analysis skills with respect to varying customer and business processes and requirements as they relate to a larger picture
Strong teamwork skills
Structured, proactive, and self-directed work style
Preferred Knowledge/Skills, Education, and Experience
Experience in Healthcare industry business processes
Experience in the SCM process area
Experience in an agile process environment and Microsoft Azure DevOps
Availability for occasional international business travel
Project Management Professional certification is a plus
English language proficiency at B2 level
German language proficiency at B1 level
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards
: starting from 2500 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
German - Intermediate (B1)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Recognition and Reward program
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Opportunity to work on cutting-edge healthcare prototypes with real-world impact.
Flexible, innovation driven environment with minimal bureaucracy.
Access to internal AI/GenAI tools, training, and communities.
Collaboration with senior developers and experts in the medical imaging industry.
Support for personal development and continuous learning.
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5206585
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.12.2025
2025-12-17
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month