Back to open positions
About PwC
Students and graduates
Experienced candidates
Mothers
Benefits
Place of work
PricewaterhouseCoopers Slovensko, s.r.o., Twin City Business Centre, Karadžičova, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
By agreement
Wage (gross)
1 900 EUR/month
(For candidates with many years of experience, the salary is negotiable based on experience and proven seniority).
.Net Full-Stack Developer (with React/TypeScript) (m/f)
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join us at PwC as a
Full-Stack Developer with.NET and React
, where you will design and implement cutting-edge technology solutions that enhance customer interactions and streamline business operations. Collaborate with diverse teams across the globe to drive integration and optimize workflows to meet business needs. Gain valuable experience by working with cloud-agnostic platforms and a variety of ecosystems, ensuring you're at the forefront of technological development.
Open to developers from 1+ years of experience; all levels from junior to senior are welcome.
Key Responsibilities:
Design and implement scalable APIs and microservices, using .NET as a core technology.
Write clean, efficient, and robust code that adheres to enterprise standards and practices.
Integrate third-party applications and data sources to maintain and enhance platform functionality.
Collaborate with international teams of engineers, product owners, and project stakeholders to deliver high-quality enterprise applications.
Qualifications & Requirements:
Technical Expertise:
Proven background in .NET development. Proficiency in React and TypeScript is a bonus.
System Integration Experience:
Experience with integrating systems and utilizing cloud technologies.
Communication Skills:
Excellent English communication and presentation skills for effective collaboration.
Analytical Aptitude:
Ability to adapt workflows and technical solutions to meet specific business challenges.
Why Join Us:
Innovation and Growth:
Engage with modern technologies to influence impactful business transformations.
Collaborative Culture:
Be part of a supportive and collaborative environment with global reach.
Global Impact:
Participate in projects that have significant global implications, enhancing PwC’s operations worldwide.
Career Development:
Access continuous learning opportunities to further your skill set and career path.​​
Step into a role where your contributions matter, and join a team dedicated to innovation, excellence, and collaboration on a global scale
Employee perks, benefits
Benefits you can enjoy while working at PwC
Financial Rewards:
Benefit from regular salary reviews and special life events/bonuses. Enjoy meal contributions and a cafeteria benefit system offering personalized choices.
Flexibility & Work-Life Balance:
Enjoy our hybrid working policy, flexible working hours, 2 extra days off during Christmas along with Sick-days. Every minute of your extra work is valued and compensated.
Career Development:
Engage in tailored internal and external training programs as well as structured career development plan.
Health & Well-being:
Access premium benefits such as Multisport card or a medical center membership. Take advantage of our Well-being and Work-Life Coaching program.
Supportive Culture:
Participate in teambuilding activities and social events and join our employee referral program. Experience a culture with regular feedback and a supportive environment.
Global Opportunities
: Seize the opportunity for international assignments and work on diverse projects with international clients. Explore the world while working with the possibility of working from abroad.
Extra perks:
Use various discounts at partner companies such as cars, health care, beauty, culture or others. Transfer up to 4 telephone numbers at discounted rates.
At PwC, we believe in nurturing your career, supporting your health and wellness, and recognizing your dedication. Join our team and experience a workplace that values you beyond your work hours.
Information about the selection process
If you'd like to apply for this position, please click on the "Apply Now" button on our website and apply through our system.
You can find the data privacy announcement here: https://pwc.to/2s8n2tn
If the current position is not right for you but you have friends or acquaintances in your area who could be interested in working with us, feel free to direct them to us. If we establish cooperation with a candidate recommended by you, you can receive a reward from 300 to 1000 EUR, depending on the seniority of the candidate: https://www.pwc.com/sk/en/careers/get-rewarded-for-recommending-candidate.html
We seek to hire people who are great at what they do and bring our behaviours to life in how they do it. Our PwC Professional framework guides us to work together to create a better tomorrow. Together, Trusted Leadership and Distinctive Outcomes are how we deliver on our purpose and strategy, serving our clients and living our values in every interaction, everyday. The PwC Professional framework defines the behaviours we’re all expected to demonstrate at PwC and what we look for in our future talent.
Are you ready to be a PwC Professional?
Contact
Contact person: Hana Dugova
E-mail:
send CV
Send CV
Back to open positions
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5207923
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.12.2025
2025-12-19
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Frontend developer
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
PwC
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 900 EUR/month