IT Specialist - work in shifts
DP World Logistics Slovakia s. r. o.
Place of work
Nitra
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP (by agreement)
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
salary can be adjusted according to experience and expertise offered
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
​
DP World,
the fast-growing transportation and logistics leader that currently manages more than 10% of world trade, is seeking a dedicated
IT Specialist - Field Service Technician
to join our new contract logistics site in
Nitra, Slovakia, who is willing to work in 2 shift pattern:
from Monday to Friday, morning shift: 6:00 - 14:00, afternoon shift: 14:00 - 22:00. For the future can be added also 3rd shift.
​
Your Responsibilities:
•    Providing first-line support for all on-site IT hardware, including both Syncreon/ DP World and customer equipment, and coordinating with third-party support providers as necessary.
•    Delivering general desktop application support, including installation, configuration, and resolution of service requests to ensure seamless end-user experience.
•    Configuring, maintaining, and managing production system data, supporting data inputs and outputs related to business intelligence tools, dashboards, and bespeaking local systems that assist operational functions.
•    Overseeing the daily management and resolution of IT support tickets, including those escalated to external customer support functions.
•    Maintaining accurate records of all site IT assets, ensuring data integrity within local systems and centralized Configuration Management Databases (CMDB).
•    Creating and updating IT-related documentation, including knowledge base articles, user guides, single point lessons, and production documentation to support consistent operations.
•    Developing and delivering IT training to address and bridge knowledge gaps, particularly for frequently encountered desktop application issues.
•    Investigating production issues, participating in root cause analysis, and contributing to the development and implementation of long-term corrective actions.
•    Supporting User Acceptance Testing (UAT) for system enhancements and processing changes driven by IT systems.
•    Fostering and maintaining strong, long-term relationships with internal stakeholders, external customers, and suppliers to support collaborative success.
Employee perks, benefits
​13th salary for well done work and reliability in team collaboration
​​Transportation allowance to work according to the company's current directive
​​Meal allowance according to the law
​​Stable job in a growing logistics company
​​Friendly team and pleasant atmosphere​​
Information about the selection process
Please send your CV in English language.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
and
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
IT
Number of years of experience
2
Personality requirements and skills
Your Profile:
•    A solid understanding of IT fundamentals, obtained through either college or above studies, or through relevant previous work experience (
preferably in a Contract Logistics company
).
•    Strong proficiency in commonly used desktop applications, particularly the Microsoft Office suite, along with a solid understanding of operating systems.
•    Practical experience in supporting desktop, laptop, and peripheral hardware, including break-fix tasks, driver installation, and general troubleshooting.
•    Good working knowledge of desktop operating systems (Windows 7, 10, and 11) and familiarity with basic enterprise-level administration tasks.
•    Previous exposure to production ERP/MRP/WMS systems would be an advantage.
•
Fluency in Slovak as well as in English.
•
Innovative Mindset:
the ability to challenge existing processes and propose creative, forward-thinking solutions; the capability of thinking strategically and aligning ideas with business goals and objectives.
•
Openness and Integrity:
Communicates in an honest, direct, and respectful manner. Prioritizes transparency and collaboration over personal agendas, consistently seeking the best outcomes for the business.
•
Process Simplification Skills:
the ability to analyze complex situations or processes and distill them into clear, efficient, and actionable step and bringing clarity and focus to problem-solving.
•
Customer-oriented approach:
understanding and anticipating customer needs, delivering services that align with or exceed their business objectives. Valuing the employee experience and contributing to a positive, people-centric workplace.
•
Proactive and Decisive:
taking initiative to solve problems quickly and effectively. Demonstrating a sense of urgency and a drive to act, recognizing that speed is key in achieving business success.
•
Commitment to Continuous Improvement:
Actively seeking opportunities to improve systems, processes, and personal performance. Embracing change and striving for excellence as part of a collaborative team environment
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
About DP World
Trade is the lifeblood of the global economy, creating opportunities and improving the quality of life for people around the world. DP World exists to make the world’s trade flow better, changing what’s possible for the customers and communities we serve globally.
With a dedicated, diverse and professional team of more than 115,000 employees from 160 nationalities, spanning 78 countries on six continents, DP World is pushing trade further and faster towards a seamless supply chain that’s fit for the future.
We’re rapidly transforming and integrating our businesses -- Ports and Terminals, Marine Services, Logistics and Technology – and uniting our global infrastructure with local expertise to create stronger, more efficient end-to-end supply chain solutions that can change the way the world trades.
What's more, we're reshaping the future by investing in innovation. From intelligent delivery systems to automated warehouse stacking, we’re at the cutting edge of disruptive technology, pushing the sector towards better ways to trade, minimising disruptions from the factory floor to the customer’s door.
DP World is on a mission to transcend boundaries and bridge the gap between all nations and cultures – not just in what we do but also in how we behave.
We are dedicated to creating a culture where everyone feels respected, supported, and empowered to reach their full potential. We believe that embracing inclusion and diversity, drives innovation and growth and helps us connect people, businesses, and societies. Free minds and different perspectives are changing our world, and together we can change what’s possible.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ana Maria Lanba
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5207746
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.1.2026
2026-01-07
lokalita:
Nitra
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
DP World Logistics Slovakia s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month