Workday Integration Consultant (remote)
GoodWill Recruitment, s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/month
The salary amount depends on the candidate's experience and seniority. Each candidate is assessed individually.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Design, implement, and maintain integrations between Workday and external systems (HR, Payroll etc)
Build and manage complex integration solutions using Workday Studio
Implement integration workflows using Workday Orchestrate
Configure and support standard Workday integrations (EIBs, Core Connectors, REST/SOAP web services)
Analyze business and technical requirements and translate them into effective technical solutions
Collaborate with functional Workday consultants, IT teams, and third-party vendors
Perform integration testing (unit, system, end-to-end), troubleshoot issues, and support production environments
Create and maintain technical documentation and support knowledge transfer
Ensure adherence to Workday best practices and security standards
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Other manufacturing
Global manufacturing company.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Information Technology
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Minimum of 3 years of experience with Workday integrations
Hands-on experience with Workday Studio
Experience with Workday Orchestrate or strong willingness to upskill in this area
Strong knowledge of Workday integration technologies
Experience with XML, XSLT, JSON, and common integration patterns
Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a team environment
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Sme GoodWill Recruitment - Vaši kariérni inovátori. Ak chcete zmenu a máte chuť napredovať, pozrieme sa s vami na to, aké možnosti máte vo svojom segmente a zistíme, akú výzvu vám vieme ponúknuť. Vyhľadávame špecialistov v oblasti výroby, vývoja, logistiky, elektrotechniky, informačných technológií, financií či ľudských zdrojov. Môžeme sľúbiť osobný prístup, férovosť a čestnosť. Sme Goodwill Recruitment - spájame správnych ľudí so správnymi firmami.
Vážime si váš prejavený záujem a ďakujeme za zaslanie životopisu. Kontaktovať budeme kandidátov, ktorí spĺňajú požiadavky na danú pozíciu.
Contact
Contact person: Ján Hajnik
Tel.:
+421948614486
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5207292
Dátum zverejnenia:
18.12.2025
2025-12-18
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
,
IT System Administrator
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
GoodWill Recruitment, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month