ServiceNow Platform Admin
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 2 200 EUR/month
From 2200+VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As the Platform Administrator, you will work closely with the offshore team, stakeholders, and internal team, and you will be responsible for performing the day-to-day administration of the ServiceNow platform.
Job Responsibilities:
Maintain the stability and usability of the platform across production and non-production environments.
Perform application maintenance, including performance monitoring and error identification/remediation.
Load, normalize, and maintain consistent data between ServiceNow and other systems.
Manage support for incidents.
Lead upgrade planning and execution.
Manage instance security: user/group access, administration, and access control lists.
Provide configuration assistance to developers.
Have proper knowledge of setting up clones, clone preserves, and clone exclusions.
Have experience with the Now Support and Now Learning portals.
Fulfill regular ServiceNow audit requests and resolve identified findings.
Execute non-standard tasks.
Develop metrics, reports, and dashboards to measure the effectiveness and efficiency of processes and systems.
Cooperate with the testing team.
Collaborate with the external development team to analyze and investigate future implementations or bugs.
Work closely with the internal ServiceNow team.
Minimum Qualifications and Experience:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.
Requirements:
Thorough knowledge and understanding of ITIL/ITSM processes.
Quick learner who can adapt to a fast-paced, ever-changing environment.
Minimum 2 years of ServiceNow administration experience.
Strong interpersonal skills, customer-centric attitude, and ability to deal with cultural diversity.
Self-directed and able to manage changing priorities.
Self-motivated and results-oriented.
Willingness to help team members with daily tasks.
Ability to work in a team.
Advanced communication skills (written and verbal).
Strong attention to detail.
Understanding of relational database concepts.
ServiceNow platform experience,with the most current and previous releases.
Demonstrated ability with ServiceNow Case, FSM, Incident, Problem, Request, CSDM & CMDB, and Knowledge Management applications.
Experience using JavaScript, JSON, XML, and HTML.
Certifications and Trainings:
ServiceNow Certified System Administrator (Mandatory).
System Administration Advanced Training (Preferred).
ITIL certification (Preferred).
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards
: starting from 2 200 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of work from home & work from office(telework / homeoffice)
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Multisport Card – employer's contribution of 10 EUR
Recognition and Reward program
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5207111
Dátum zverejnenia:
18.12.2025
2025-12-18
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month