Software Tester
FEI Czech Republic s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3,1 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
When you’re part of Thermo Fisher Scientific, you’ll do challenging work, and join a team that values performance, quality and innovation. As part of a successful, growing global organization you will be encouraged to perform at your best. With revenues of more than $40 billion and the largest investment in R&D in the industry, we give our people the resources and chances to create significant contributions to the world.
Location/Division Specific Information
The Software Test Engineer III role is situated in our Bratislava, Slovakia office, inside the Chromatography and Mass Spectrometry Division (CMD). You will join a dynamic group committed to building world-class chromatography data systems software.
Discover Impactful Work:
As a Software Test Engineer III, you will play a pivotal role in ensuring the reliability and compliance of our products. Your efforts will help us deliver flawless solutions that make a significant impact on our mission to develop a healthier, cleaner, and safer world!
A Day in the Life:
Validate and test software to ensure compliance with our Quality Management System
Collaborate with global scrum teams to develop and improve test materials
Build and implement automated test frameworks
Analyze test documentation and configure software functionality for chromatography instruments
Keys to Success:
BS degree in software engineering/ IT or related field, or equivalent experience
More than 5 years of experience in a Software Test Engineering position
Proficient in test techniques and methodologies
Experience with unit and automation testing
Problem-solving nature
Salary
From 3,100 EUR/month
Based on the candidate's seniority, we are open to discuss salary options individually.
Employee perks, benefits
Foreign business trips
Work mostly from home
Bonuses
Holidays 5 weeks
Sick days
Flexible start/end of working hours
Contributions to the pension / life insurance
Contribution to sport / culture / leisure
Self-organization of the job
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Advertiser
Contact
Contact person: Petr Nehyba
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5207262
Dátum zverejnenia:
18.12.2025
2025-12-18
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
FEI Czech Republic s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3,1 EUR/month