Back to open positions
About PwC
Students and graduates
Experienced candidates
Mothers
Benefits
Place of work
Karadžičova 2, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
By agreement
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
+ Bonus 
(Based on the candidate's seniority, we are open to discuss salary options individually.)
Business Process Management Analyst (m/f)
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About PwC:
PwC is widely recognized as part of the Big4, mainly for audit and tax consulting. However, there is much more behind the PwC brand.
We have a strong team of experts in technology consulting, covering a broad range of areas—from business process management, robotics, and automation to artificial intelligence.
As our projects multiply, so does our growth! Join us as we look to strengthen our Business Analyst team.
Our Projects:
The main focus of our projects is on BPM platforms—Pega and Appian. With these tools, we help our clients optimize their processes quickly and efficiently.
Our clients are primarily large financial institutions such as banks, insurance companies, and leasing companies.
However, our projects also extend into other sectors, including healthcare, pharmaceuticals, telecommunications, power engineering, and more.
Key Responsibilities:
Act as the bridge between technology teams and the client
Gather and map business requirements, processes, and objectives
Analyze the design of technical systems and business models
Communicate with clients
regarding the development of necessary system modifications to meet business needs
Prepare reports and presentations
on application development and implementation
Create
functional specifications and user stories
Participate in
project management
activities
Guide and mentor junior team members
Candidate Requirements:
Fluency in English is a must (both written and spoken)
German language is preferred
; candidates with at least B2 level are considered a strong plus (nice to have)
At least 2.5 years of experience in a business analyst role
Experience with
process mapping and implementation
(highly preferable)
Experience with testing, UX/UI design, and prototyping (e.g., Figma) is an advantage
University degree (IT, technical, or business background)
Previous experience from a consulting company is a plus
Proficiency in PowerPoint and Excel (Visio, Aris are an advantage)
Knowledge of agile methodologies
Experience with tracking tools such as Jira, Azure DevOps (nice to have)
Strong analytical mindset, creative approach to problem-solving, attention to detail, and ability to quickly learn new concepts and technologies
Employee perks, benefits
Benefits you can enjoy while working at PwC
Financial Rewards:
Benefit from regular salary reviews, performance bonuses and other special bonuses. Enjoy meal contributions and a cafeteria benefit system offering personalized choices.
Flexibility & Work-Life Balance:
Enjoy our hybrid working policy, flexible working hours, 2 extra days off during Christmas along with Sick-days. Every minute of your extra work is valued and compensated.
Career Development:
Engage in tailored internal and external training programs as well as structured career development plan.
Health & Well-being:
Access premium benefits such as office massages, a Multisport card, and medical center membership. Take advantage of our Well-being and Work-Life Coaching program.
Supportive Culture:
Participate in teambuilding activities and social events and join our employee referral program. Experience a culture with regular feedback and a supportive environment.
Global Opportunities
: Seize the opportunity for international assignments and work on diverse projects with international clients. Explore the world while working with the possibility of working from abroad.
Extra perks:
Use various discounts at partner companies such as cars, health care, beauty, culture or others. Transfer up to 4 telephone numbers at discounted rates.
At PwC, we believe in nurturing your career, supporting your health and wellness, and recognizing your dedication. Join our team and experience a workplace that values you beyond your work hours.
Information about the selection process
If you'd like to apply for this position, please click on the "Apply Now" button on our website and apply through our system.
You can find the data privacy announcement here: https://pwc.to/2s8n2tn
If the current position is not right for you but you have friends or acquaintances in your area who could be interested in working with us, feel free to direct them to us. If we establish cooperation with a candidate recommended by you, you can receive a reward from 300 to 1000 EUR, depending on the seniority of the candidate: https://www.pwc.com/sk/en/careers/get-rewarded-for-recommending-candidate.html
We seek to hire people who are great at what they do and bring our behaviours to life in how they do it. Our PwC Professional framework guides us to work together to create a better tomorrow. Together, Trusted Leadership and Distinctive Outcomes are how we deliver on our purpose and strategy, serving our clients and living our values in every interaction, everyday. The PwC Professional framework defines the behaviours we’re all expected to demonstrate at PwC and what we look for in our future talent.
Are you ready to be a PwC Professional?
Contact
Contact person: Eva Kvasnickova Verbich
E-mail:
send CV
Send CV
Back to open positions
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5207777
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.12.2025
2025-12-19
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Consultant
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
PwC
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month