Lenovo Slovakia
Benefits
Jobs
Contact us
Sr. Business Operations Manager (WW Education)
What do you need to succeed in this opportunity
What we look for:
- Bachelor’s degree in business, data analytics or related
- 3+ years of experience working with data (analysing and helping to create strategy, targets, and forecasts based on the data)
- Strong Excel, PowerPoint and Power BI Skills
- Excellent written and verbal communication skills
It Would Be a Plus If You:
- You are familiar with the digital landscape, enjoy data and think decisions should be taken based on facts.
- Have experience developing and applying data-driven solutions, and can point to key projects where you have driven measurable outcomes
- An entrepreneurial mindset, constantly looking for problems to solve and willing to be accountable for the business’s performance.
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
business operations
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
What will you do
Lenovo is the #1 provider of Education devices worldwide. We are a diverse team who develop solutions that brings out the best in both educators and students. We are passionate about technology, but also about how it can transform education. How can AI help students learn and help teachers be more effective. How can our technology help make distance learning seamless and allow for greater knowledge sharing and drive better learning outcomes.
Our team is looking for someone who is passionate about how we can operationalize our focus in Education.
What you will do:
- Conducting timely, relevant business analytics (e.g., market share analysis, financial modelling)
- Creating executive presentations focused on market intelligence, financial and operational performance
- Owning BMS for WW and Geo EDU interlocks with global, cross-functional teams
- Helping to build annual strategic financial roadmaps and budget development across revenue, units, and margin
- Coordinating and contributing to quarterly/monthly business performance reviews; contribute with market and competitor insights (share, PTM growth, trends) to improve business performance
- Contribute to improvements in assigned business processes
Other information
Place of work:
Landererova, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Salary offer (gross):
From 4 250 EUR/month
Base gross monthly salary from 4250 EUR, depending on experience + variable part 14% of your annual earnings.
Start date:
ASAP
Contract type:
full-time
What we offer
Healthcare and well-being
Development
Work - life balance
Bonus system
Community life (CSR)
About Lenovo
Lenovo is a company in a constant state of
creation.
Here, you'll
architect
your own career,
pioneer
new ideas and
master
new skills.
Lenovo Slovakia employs more than
25 nationalities
and
is the biggest shared service center in Lenovo Group.
Our people share a common aspiration to
be the very best.
Whether
serving
our customers,
working
together as a team or
contributing
to the community, we are working to build
unique company.
APPLY
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5208299
Dátum zverejnenia:
22.12.2025
2025-12-22
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Business Group Manager
,
Database Analyst
,
Operations Manager
Spoločnosť:
Lenovo (Slovakia) s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 250 EUR/month