Lead .NET Software Engineer
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 3 200 EUR/month
From 3200 + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join a highly skilled and independent team in Košice that develops innovative software solutions supporting Siemens Healthcare technologies such as Magnetic resonance (MR), Computed tomography (CT), X-Ray Products (XP) and others. Our work accelerates hospital installations and service operations across the globe.
We are a compact, experienced team with full ownership of the development lifecycle — from design and implementation to deployment and official release. Known for our responsiveness and visibility across Siemens, we are often the first point of contact when rapid solutions are needed.
What we work on:
Solutions for internal customers across multiple imaging modalities like MR, CT, XP, and others
Automated creation of installation images
System-wide backup and restore functionalities
Hardware data collection and diagnostics
Remote Installation Solutions
Other tools that improve speed, reliability, and efficiency in healthcare environments
As a Lead .NET Software Engineer, you will:
Lead together with Software Architect the creation and integration of various services/tools/solutions for our internal customers, mainly for Windows OS
Drive quality assurance and actively contribute to maintaining high software standards in a medical environment
Collaborate with an agile team, ensuring high-quality standards through test automation and continuous improvement of the software lifecycle.
What you will experience with us:
End-to-end product ownership
Global impact through healthcare innovation
Agile and collaborative work environment
Opportunities to grow within a visible and trusted team
What you bring:
Strong experience in C# and .NET development including advanced language features and communication in distributed systems
Proven expertise in test automation and quality assurance practices
Proactive mindset to solving complex problems and taking ownership of them
Experience with CI/CD environment
Deep understanding of Windows OS
Proficiency in English (written and spoken, B2 or higher)
What is advantage of you:
Architectural background
Linux knowledge
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards:
starting from 3000 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably.
Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of telework and work from office
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Counseling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5208233
Dátum zverejnenia:
22.12.2025
2025-12-22
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 200 EUR/month