Senior Data Scientist
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 700 EUR/month
In accordance with the EU Pay Transparency Directive, the minimum gross annual compensation for this position, determined based on objective and gender-neutral criteria, is 3 700 EUR/gross. The final compensation package will depend on the candidate's qualifications and relevant experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Senior Data Scientist
We have data.
We have cutting-edge technology and analytics tools.
We need an enthusiastic individual to deal with business challenges and make a difference.
We need an extra pair of hands and creative mind in our young dynamic team.
Interested? Give it a try. We need you!
Your role
As a Senior Data Scientist, your main tasks will involve:
Define and drive analytical strategies to solve complex business problems and influence decision-making.
Research and develop state-of-the-art prototype products and scalable AI solutions that deliver measurable business impact.
Own the end-to-end lifecycle of predictive models and analytical solutions, from data preparation to deployment and monitoring.
Lead the establishment and enforcement of technical best practices, including modularity, version control, documentation, and model governance.
Mentor and coach junior data scientists, fostering a culture of technical excellence and innovation.
Collaborate with Data Engineers, IT, and business leaders to ensure robust, production-ready solutions.
Communicate insights, implications, and model performance effectively to senior stakeholders, influencing strategic decisions.
Act as a thought leader by introducing innovative methodologies and championing data science best practices.
Employee perks, benefits
On top of a competitive annual bonus, we offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes:
Working time benefits
Personal days off, Concentrated work week, Additional vacation, Home office, Extra days off at occasion of childbirth, Sabbatical leave
Monetary benefits
Life insurance from Zurich Austria, Compensation for salary loss during sick leave, 3rd pension pillar contribution, Risk Life Insurance, Meal contribution on top of the legally required minimum, Years of service bonus, Wedding bonus, Baby bonus
Other benefits
Edenred electronic cafeteria, Public Transport contribution, Maternity leave benefits, Company and team events, Free parking at the office building, Massages in the office
Learning/Development
Professional Certifications, Online Education Portals, Extensive Onboarding program, Strengths based culture (GALLUP)
Location(s):
Bratislava
Hybrid working:
We would be happy to meet you in the office 3 times a week with the added flexibility of working from home on a weekly basis.
Schedule:
Full-time
About us
At our company, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
26.1.2026
(there are still 22 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Actuarial & Pricing Analytics
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
Actuarial & Pricing Analytics
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
As a Senior Data Scientist, your skills and experience will ideally include:
University education (Master’s degree or higher).
At least 6 years of experience in data science or related fields.
Strong proficiency in Python and data science packages, including good software engineering practices (modularity, reusability).
Working proficiency with SQL and databases.
Passion working with data and developing insights for use in business decisions.
Strong problem-solving skills and analytical thinking.
Experience with large language model APIs and RAG techniques.
Experience with agentic AI workflows is preferred.
Ability to work independently, lead others and manage your time effectively.
Strong verbal and written communication skills, especially the ability to translate technical results for business audiences.
Experience with Azure and Databricks is an advantage.
Experience with other programming languages is an advantage.
English – B2 or better.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Zurich is a leading multi-line insurer that serves its customers in global and local markets. With about 60,000 employees it provides a wide range of property and casualty, life insurance products and services in more than 200 countries and territories. Zurich’s customers include individuals, small businesses, and mid-sized and large companies, as well as multinational corporations.
Zurich Slovakia is a Competence Center based in Bratislava and Kosice providing highly specialized services for Zurich's headquarter in Switzerland and all Zurich Business units around the globe. Our services are focusing on all types of actuarial services – Life and Non-life, pricing and reserving, on data science and engineering, risk management, business intelligence, information technology, software asset management as well as insurance network management and technical accounting. Our Competence Center employs around 400+ staff from 20+ different countries.
At Zurich Insurance, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Natalia Kuricova
Tel.:
+421905770695
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5208982
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.12.2025
2025-12-27
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 700 EUR/month