Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia
O nás
Voľné pozície
Firemná kultúra
Benefity
Kontakt
Technical
Senior IT Solution Designer (Košice)
We are looking for an agile Solution Designerwho is looking for a challenging opportunity to lead automation projects for the Deutsche Telekom Group. If you speak fluent German and enjoy helping customers to design and implement automation solutions, we would be happy to welcome you to our growing international team, which will support you in the learning journey.
Contract type
full-time
Place of work
Košice, Slovak Republic
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/month
About
the position
Solution Design & Process Automation:
Analyze and model business processes for automation (BPMN 2.0).
Design and integrate automation solutions using existing tools and robots.
Write technical scripts (Groovy, JavaScript-like logic) to connect automation processes.
Project Management & Implementation:
Lead automation projects within the Deutsche Telekom Group.
Drive execution, resolve escalations, and ensure seamless project delivery.
Act as a coordinator in an agile environment—proactively engaging stakeholders.
Governance & Documentation:
Maintain structured documentation in Jira, Confluence, Camunda (experience beneficial).
Ensure proper orchestration and governance of automation solutions.
We work in a HYBRID STYLE of working.
The published salary is the minimum possible offer.
The starting salary may be higher depending on the extent of fulfillment of the employee's requirements (education, language skills, required practice, personality assumptions and skills).
What
we expect
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
German - Advanced (C1)
and
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Fluent in written and spoken English and German
Education in the IT field is beneficial
Solid experience in solution design and automation
Understanding of the logic of JavaScript or similar IT language
Experience with tools like Jira, Confluence, and Camunda is beneficial
Experience with any type of coding is beneficial but if not then the willingness to develop this competence is of the essence
You have an affinity for structure, grasp things fast, and work systematically • Proactivity inside the team is essential
Active participation and contribution in extending and sharing your knowledge
Benefits
that make you happy
Annual bonus
Fully paid meal vouchers
Mobile phone also for private use
Discounts for selected Telekom products
Supplementary pension saving contribution
Cafeteria system of benefits/Multisport card
Sick days
Sports club & Health days
Teambuildings, summer & Christmas party
Opportunities for career growth
Referral program
Flexible working time
About
the selection process
We are dedicated to constantly promoting equal employment opportunities and are ready to make reasonable adjustments for applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in our job opportunity and meet our job requirements for this position, we encourage you to confidentially notify us if you need specific accommodations to ensure your full participation in our recruitment process at recruitment@telekom.com.
Snažíme sa neustále podporovať rovnaké príležitosti v zamestnaní a sme pripravení urobiť primerané úpravy pre uchádzačov so zdravotným postihnutím. Ak máte záujem o túto pracovnú príležitosť a spĺňate požiadavky inzerovaného pracovného miesta, odporúčame vám, aby ste nám dôverne oznámili, ak potrebujete osobitné úpravy, ktoré vám zabezpečia plnohodnotnú účasť na našom náborovom procese na recruitment@telekom.com.
Send CV
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5208239
Dátum zverejnenia:
22.12.2025
2025-12-22
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Architect
,
IT Consultant
,
IT Tester
,
Web Designer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month