O spoločnosti
Benefity
SAP BW/4 Senior Consultant (m/f/d)
LEONI Wiring Systems Slovakia, spol. s r.o.
Place of work
Dubnica nad Váhom, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/month
Basic gross guaranteed salary: from 3000 EUR/Brutto + 13th salary The final basic wage component will be adjusted to individual skills and experience of selected candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join LEONI’s international IT analytics team and contribute to the development and enhancement of enterprise-wide data solutions. As a SAP BW/4 Senior Consultant, you will work at the intersection of business needs and data technology, supporting key reporting and data warehousing processes while shaping the future of data intelligence in a global production environment.
Become part of a team where data architecture, innovation, and collaboration power the decision-making of tomorrow!
What will be your responsibilities?
Working closely with business stakeholders to deliver, maintain, troubleshoot, and enhance SAP BW/4HANA functionality
Building and maintaining strong relationships with key users to understand and validate business requirements
Performing detailed analysis of business processes and translating them into technical solutions
Implementing technical solutions in SAP BW/4HANA environment
Designing Calculation Views using SAP HANA Modeler, BW Modeling (ODS Views), and Queries in BW/4HANA (version SAPK-20012INBW4CONT)
Investigating and debugging existing ABAP routines and logic
Collaborating with stakeholders on various initiatives and managing small to mid-sized projects
Employee perks, benefits
What do we offer?
Financial Benefits:
13th salary upon achieving agreed targets
4% contribution to the Supplementary Pension Scheme (3rd pillar)
Financial bonuses (for commuting, improvement suggestions, employee referrals, etc.)
Rewards for various milestones (wedding, childbirth, years of service, blood donation, etc.)
Regular salary increases
Working Conditions & Flexibility:
37.5-hour work week
4 extra days off (so-called sick days)
Flexible working hours
Subsidized meals in a company restaurant
Home office according to internal policies
Educational Activities & Health Support:
Language learning
SEDUO – e-learning education platform
Participation in conferences and workshops
Health days and vitamin packages
Personal development in various areas with career growth opportunities
Additional Benefits:
Discount benefits (Cafeteria Edenred program, LEONI IT bazaar, etc.)
Material gifts (welcome package, LEONI branded items, etc.)
Company events and team activities
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
What do we expect from you?
University degree in Computer Science, Business Administration, Business Informatics, or related field
Minimum 5 years of experience in SAP BW, BW/4HANA, and SAP Analysis for Microsoft Office
Solid understanding of data warehousing concepts and SAP BW/4HANA modeling techniques
Experience with Eclipse-based modeling and SAP HANA Calculation Views
Familiarity with ABAP and SQL for logic development and debugging
Strong understanding of SAP Analytics Cloud is an advantage
Experience working in consulting or project-based environments
Excellent time-management and self-organization skills
Strong analytical thinking and solution-driven mindset
Very good English communication skills (written and spoken)
What qualities do we value in you?
Care
: You pay attention to detail and are committed to delivering high-quality results
Goal-oriented mindset
: You focus on delivering results, meeting deadlines, and pushing projects forward
Responsibility
: You take ownership of your tasks, respect best practices, and ensure system stability and compliance.
Collaboration
: You are a team player who communicates effectively, supports shared goals and works well in cross-functional teams
Respect
: You maintain a professional and considerate approach to both your work and the people around you
People of all genders are always meant equally; for linguistic simplification and better readability, only the masculine form is used in the text.
LEONI processes your application data in an IT-system that is consistent across the company and uses Foreign Service providers. By sending your application, you agree to this procedure. LEONI ensures the compliance with data protection.
LEONI Wiring Systems Slovakia, spol. s r.o.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
LEONI is a global provider of products, solutions, and services for energy and data management in the automotive industry. With around 87,000 employees in 21 countries and EUR 5 billion in sales in 2024, we are a leading supplier of complex wiring systems and related components, from development to production.
We believe that meaningful connections — between people, technologies, and ideas — are key to innovation and success. That is why at LEONI, you will become part of a diverse and international team working together to shape the future of mobility: from autonomous driving to alternative powertrains and smart charging solutions.
Since mid‑2025, we have been part of the Luxshare Group, one of the world’s leading solution providers for consumer electronics, communications and data centers, automotive, and medical industries, based in China. Join us and help shape the future of connectivity together.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Patrik Lukáč
Tel.:
+421910925454
E-mail:
send CV
Follow LEONI:
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5208357
Dátum zverejnenia:
22.12.2025
2025-12-22
lokalita:
Dubnica nad Váhom
Pozícia:
ABAP Programmer
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
LEONI Wiring Systems Slovakia, spol. s r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month