Senior Data Analyst
Orange Business
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 410 EUR/month
Base salary from 2,410 € gross per month, actual salary is likely to be higher based on skills, knowledge, and experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
The International zone is comprised of four regions with various capabilities supporting the digital transformation of MNC customers.
Each region defines its own strategic plans, rolling up to the International strategy, highlighting their focus on e.g. segments, verticals, partnerships, etc…
The Senior Data Analyst
role
is instrumental to support and drive the international business (with the regions and the marketing teams).
Interpreting the market intelligence to be able to lead the identification of key target regions/ segments/ verticals.
These market insights will be instrumental to boost commercial activity, target new customers and grow existing customers.
While the overall marketing activity and commercial lead is managed by the Regional teams, a proactive approach will help us to push & influence our business.
Mission
As a
Senior Data Analyst
, you will manage the market insights activities for OBI and support the international regions with market insights.
Main activities
Become Market Intelligence savy! Study market intelligence to be able to identify, recommend and challenge the regions on segment/ vertical strategic focus
Engage with International Sales & Marketing to define insights & recommendation to support our revenue and GM ambition (grow, keep, expand...), marketing by vertical, revenue by vertical, which accts? which new logos? look at TML....
Facilitate consumption of market intelligence data: inspire and teach the OBI Sales & Marketing team
Share and present data insights to a larger OBI audience (in the future) and act as the senior data expert for OBI
Contribute to the strategy/planning process by providing market data
Responsibilities
Market Intelligence vs Marketing
Marketing campaigns are centrally managed by Marketing teams
Market insights requests are documented and scoped by Marketing teams
Market insights are provided and shared by Market Intelligence
Market intelligence is not in charge of the Marketing plan, Budget plan or Strategic Plan. However, Market Intelligence should have an understanding of these plans, with a clear demand to come with proactive insights where relevant
Delivery of market studies, market targeting, or campaign input is done by Market intelligence and delivered to the (regional) Marketing SPOC
The target process includes the need to document each campaign in the CRM, allowing us to trace follow-up and commercial performance
Market Intelligence vs Business Intelligence
Market intelligence applies market data to provide marketing recommendations, this is done for prospects or customers,
Business intelligence provides commercial reporting, order tracking and revenue reporting
Marketing Intelligence will rely on customer data provided by the BI team (Customer Base Mngt, commercial performance, order tracking…)
Key Knowledge and Abilities:
understanding of Orange Business strategy and solutions/portfolio
understanding of International customers and its business buildup
understanding market & sales intelligence and facilitate embedding this in the Marketing plan
ability to animate the main users of the market data intelligence
Employee perks, benefits
​​​​​• Attractive financial bonus
​​​​​• Extra days of holidays
​​​​​• Cafeteria Benefit System
​​​• Full compensation of sick leave for 25 days
​​​​​• Complementary retirement savings contributions
​​​​​• Financial support regarding life milestones
​​​​​• Contribution to private healthcare
​​​​​• Referral program
​​​​​• Flexible working time
​​​​​• Home Office​​​​​
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Experience in the position/sector
Data Analysis
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
Key Skills:
Mandatory skills:
Proven proficiency in Data Analytics
(using preferably Power BI but other BI tools are acceptable - Tableau, QlikSense/QlikView, Looker, etc.)
Proficiency in data modelling & automation
(ETL, ELT, creating & maintaining data pipelines)
Data Science/ML Engineering background
- understanding statistical models & implementing suitable ML models for different UCs (supervised vs unsupervised modelling), programming language - preferably Python (pandas, numpy, scikit-learn, etc.)
Proficiency in Business analytics
-> full E2E delivery
Solid stakeholder & project management skills
Optional skills
Agile frameworks
(SAFe, LEAN, etc.)
Knowledge of Scrum/Kanban
Knowledge of CI/CD best practices
(GIT - GitLab, Sourcetree, etc.)
CRM systems
(SFDC is preferred but understanding CRM data governance is a plus)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Orange Business manages and integrates the complexity of international communications, freeing our customers to focus on the strategic initiatives that drive their business.  Our extensive experience and knowledge in global communication solutions, together with our understanding of multinational business and local support in 166 countries and territories, ensure that our customers receive a consistent, global solution wherever they do business.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Hana Tatranska
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5208449
Dátum zverejnenia:
22.12.2025
2025-12-22
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Orange Business
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 410 EUR/month