Integration Engineer
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Place of work
Karadžičova 8, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
3 200 EUR/month
Minimum 3.200 EUR brutto. Freelancer´s hourly rate upon agreement. The final basic wage component will be adjusted to individual skills and experience of selected candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Would you like to create an exciting technology and  work on a project in a safety-critical domain?
Bratislava-based FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services belongs to the Austrian FREQUENTIS group (www.frequentis.com), specialized in mission-critical communication and IT solutions, e.g. in air traffic control, public safety, public transport or defense.
We are looking for Integration Engineers who will be responsible for the technical implementation of our services and the associated quality assurance measures during the service period. Join our team and help us make our solutions even more reliable. Work for an international technological leader and enjoy the benefits of flexible working arrangements and our focus on a good work-life balance.
​
Your Main Responsibilities
Maintaining, updating and enhancing existing systems
Documentation and analysis of reported incidents and problems
Coordinating and carrying out root cause analyses and remedies
Designing, planning and technically executing changes and extensions to existing systems
Coordinating with product development teams and/or development teams on error analysis and troubleshooting
Performing system audits
Drafting/updating technical documentation on systems and their interfaces
​Know-how & experience​
Install, configure, and maintain Linux servers (particularly RHEL), including updates, upgrades & troubleshooting issues
Knowledge of basic bash scripting
Experience with virtualization platforms (VMware preferred)
Experience and basic knowledge of VoIP (SIP, RTP,…)
Good Understanding of basic networking (preferable CISCO)
Able to read technical documentation and schemes
Able to generate documentation: Step-by-Step instructions for other engineers as well as Specifications and Requirements
Able to quickly adapt to frequent software releases
Special skills & abilities
Analytical skills to localize errors and sources of errors in distributed systems
Precise and thorough documentation abilities​
Employee perks, benefits
Training and development program (business and product trainings, language course)
Employee Referral Program (financial reward for recommending a successful candidate
Employee assistance program (law consultations, finance/tax consultations, psychological assistance paid by employer)
Meal contribution fully paid by the company
Multisport card/Pension scheme contribution (DDS)
Flexible working hours, home office
Refreshments, company & team events
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Information Technology, Telecommunications
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
•	You are flexible, self-driven, dedicated, goal-oriented and structured in how you approach your work.
•	You can integrate yourself into a larger cooperation, follow corporate processes.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Our Bratislava-based company FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is part of the Austrian FREQUENTIS group (www.frequentis.com). We are a leading global supplier of communication and information solutions for safety-critical applications, such as for air traffic control towers, public safety control rooms (112) or air defense forces. Our mission-critical solutions cover diverse areas, such as telephony and radio communication, Geographical Information Systems (GIS), incident and resource management, video surveillance and automatic video analytics.
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is specialized in software development and project delivery. Together with our parent company we are developing FREQUENTIS’ next generation control room solutions, using state-of-the-art technologies and processes. Our delivery teams then deploy those solutions at our customers around the globe, with responsibility for commercial and technical project management, engineering and quality assurance.
To grow our team, we are constantly looking for talents in all these fields. Our company offers an interesting and challenging technical environment, a people-focused culture with emphasis on a good work-life-balance and, if desired, a long-term development and career opportunities.
For our customers, lives may be at stake and seconds count. Our solutions thus need to be developed to the highest standards when it comes to usability and reliability. Safety is what guides us from the first designs till the final tests of any of our solutions. If those are the kinds of challenges that excite you, then you have come to the right place!
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Eva Lajchová
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5208082
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.12.2025
2025-12-21
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
DevOps Engineer
,
IT System Administrator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Systems Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 200 EUR/month