Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia
O nás
Voľné pozície
Firemná kultúra
Benefity
Kontakt
Technical
AI SERVICES - Senior Staff Python Engineer for LLM /BA/
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe is an internal services provider of Deutsche Telekom, one of the world's leading integrated telecommunications companies. Our shared mission is to put priority on customer satisfaction, quality and innovations in areas of finance and procurement services. We are on our way to become industry's top service company and we want you to be a part of the success story!
Apply now and design with us the world of tomorrow.
Contract type
full-time
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 3 500 EUR/month
About
the position
Which challenges are expecting you:
You will be responsible to improve our backends for LLM-backed agent applications such as our Chatbots in Python.
You will foster the customer experience by stabilizing and improving the existing solution (better visualization, automated validations, enable function calling and agent actions.)
You will be responsible for identification and implementing upcoming, new business requirements
Cooperate with the business side including your active contribution in customer workshops, meetings, and calls so the ability to explain technical points to business colleagues is a crucial part of this job, as is a consultant’s mindset
Participate in team brainstorming sessions, code reviews, and pair programming sessions
You will have the chance to identify possible use cases for automation and data science, innovative ideas are welcome
We work in a HYBRID STYLE of working with the possibility of working from home , but twice a week we meet in the office in Košice or Bratislava for meetings.
The published salary is the minimum possible offer.
The starting salary may be higher depending on the extent of fulfillment of the employee's requirements (education, language skills, required practice, personality assumptions and skills).
What
we expect
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
Your skills:
At least 8 years profound experience in building and operating production-grade software using Python programming language, preferably including the use of frameworks like FastAPI, pydantic and data science libraries
Furthermore, knowledge in LLM frameworks such as LangChain, LLamaIndex and the client APIs of Azure and OpenAI completes your profile. Ideally, you have already built a production-ready solution involving those APIs.
Practical experience in working with relational database systems like Postgres, in-memory databases like Redis and as well as document-based databases like Elasticsearch & MongoDB is more than welcome
You can provide references for RESTful APIs and web service applications you have built and operated on a production level
Cloud DevOps Skills: Familiarity with containerization (Docker), CI/CD tools (GitHub Actions, GitLab CI), and deployment to cloud platforms (Azure, AWS, GCP) to ensure scalability and production-readiness.
You are flexible and comfortable with changing work patterns and demands and you prefer working agile (e.g. following methodologies like XP, Scrum, Lean)
Collaboration with our customers is key, so you master the challenge to explain complex architectures and technologies in a language easy to understand and you know how to demonstrate solution approaches and results
Actively mentoring more junior personell and sharing your knowledge on software development lifecycle and best practices with them
fluent written and spoken English.
Nice to have:
German language skills
Prompt Engineering: Understanding how to optimize prompts for LLM models
Familarity with MLOps or AI Workflow Orchestration Tools such as MLflow or Dagster
Domain-Specific Experience in Telco or Finance industries
Benefits
that make you happy
Annual bonus
Fully paid meal vouchers
Mobile phone also for private use
Discounts for selected Telekom products
Supplementary pension saving contribution
Cafeteria system of benefits/Multisport card
Sick days
Sports club & Health days
Teambuildings, summer & Christmas party
Opportunities for career growth
Referral program
Flexible working time
About
the selection process
We are dedicated to constantly promoting equal employment opportunities and are ready to make reasonable adjustments for applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in our job opportunity and meet our job requirements for this position, we encourage you to confidentially notify us if you need specific accommodations to ensure your full participation in our recruitment process at recruitment@telekom.com.
Snažíme sa neustále podporovať rovnaké príležitosti v zamestnaní a sme pripravení urobiť primerané úpravy pre uchádzačov so zdravotným postihnutím. Ak máte záujem o túto pracovnú príležitosť a spĺňate požiadavky inzerovaného pracovného miesta, odporúčame vám, aby ste nám dôverne oznámili, ak potrebujete osobitné úpravy, ktoré vám zabezpečia plnohodnotnú účasť na našom náborovom procese na recruitment@telekom.com.
Send CV
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5209999
Dátum zverejnenia:
2.1.2026
2026-01-02
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month