Java Software Engineer
NATEK SLOVAKIA, s.r.o.
Place of work
Košice
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
1.2.2026
Wage (gross)
2 400 EUR/month
The exact salary will be adjusted according to experience and seniority level.

full-time employment: from 2000 EUR gross per month
freelance contract: from 150 EUR MD rate
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a
Software Engineer with a DevOps mindset
to join our client’s team and contribute to the development and operation of a modern Manufacturing Execution System (MES).
You will take
full end-to-end ownership
of selected local business applications — from development and deployment to operational stability and incident/problem resolution
(80% - local application support, 20% - global development).​
This role offers an exciting opportunity to be part of a greenfield project, building digital solutions that support the transition to sustainable and smart manufacturing.
Working model: 100 % on-site in Kosice (offering significant flexibility)​
Key responsibilities:
Analyse user requirements and translate them into digital functionalities and technical specifications.
Develop, maintain, and continuously improve software solutions, including UAT testing, rollout, and deployment.
Monitor and operate applications (logs, middleware, database statistics, system health).
Handle incidents, problems, and change requests, driving tickets to resolution.
Update operational documentation and ensure proper handover to factory support teams.
Follow up on and track pending technology issues to ensure operational stability.
Investigate new technologies and support DevOps automation (CI/CD where applicable).
Employee perks, benefits
Internal Mobility Program – enjoy many opportunities for career growth, job rotations, diversity of projects & technologies
International, diverse, and inclusive working environment – get experience in global projects for worldwide leaders and enjoy multinational teams
Referral Program – enjoy cooperation with your colleagues and get the bonus
5/10 years NATEK club – we offer long-term cooperation and celebrate each fifth-year cooperation anniversary with gifts
NATEK CSR Events & team buildings – enjoy our values: accountability, partnership and expertise and #workITwithus
Education – benefit from our know-how, learning courses and certificates and IT events – be part of community of leaders of the industry and take part as a speaker or a visitor
Bonuses for Personal Events – we congratulate you on important events of your life: giving birth to children, university graduation, etc.
Benefit Plus (Cafeteria) – use our e-shop with corporate benefits like travel, theatre tickets, books etc.
Multisport Club Card
Technical and Personal training – we are investing in your skills growth
Language courses
1 paid day off for volunteering – we are supportive of all charity ideas
Meal contribution directly to your account
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Java - Advanced
Application monitoring & troubleshooting - Advanced
Relational Databases (Oracle) - Skillful
DevOps Tooling (Azure DevOps & Git) - Skillful
Messaging - Skillful
Experience in the position/sector
3
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
Technical Requirements
Java backend development and maintenance
REST & SOAP APIs and web fundamentals (HTTP, HTML)
Application monitoring (log files, configurations, database statistics)
CI/CD pipelines (Azure DevOps)
Deploying and supporting applications on OpenShift
Basic understanding of containers, pods, logs, and troubleshooting
Nice to Have
Experience with Kafka
Knowledge of Angular or Node.js
Experience in manufacturing, MES, or industrial environments
Soft Skills
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills
Ownership mindset and accountability for production systems
Good communication skills in Slovak & English (B2)
Ability to work effectively in multinational teams
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Join one of the most sought-after companies that specialize in IT outsourcing business.
Building on our shared company values – accountability, expertise and partnership - NATEK's mission is to deliver high quality IT outsourcing and consulting services in the CEE region. Since 2004, our employees have been participating projects for our partners from all over the world   in the most important sectors, including finance and insurance, telecommunications, and IT infrastructure. NATEK has offices in Poland, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic and Slovakia, and thanks to a team of over 700 experts, including project managers, programmers and administrators, we are able to effectively support our partners.
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Michaela Kovacova
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5209584
Dátum zverejnenia:
30.12.2025
2025-12-30
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Java Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
NATEK SLOVAKIA, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 400 EUR/month