Pricing Python Developer
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 000 EUR/month
In accordance with the EU Pay Transparency Directive, the minimum gross annual compensation for this position, determined based on objective and gender-neutral criteria, is 2 000 EUR/gross. The final compensation package will depend on the candidate's qualifications and relevant experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Pricing Python Developer
Are you a motivated, hands-on, and innovative person, interested in working for one of the largest global insurers? Are you interested in solving complex business challenges? Then this job is definitely something for you.
We are looking for a Pricing Python Developer to join the Zurich Integrated Benefits (ZIB) team. In this role, you will:
Automate insurance pricing models in support of ZIB, which manages a global employee benefit platform and provides technical expertise for corporate life insurance business in multiple markets.
Be part of an entrepreneurially minded global team, which is daring to challenge the status quo.
Further develop your skills by working with actuaries and stakeholders in different countries.
Your role
As a Pricing Python Developer, your main responsibilities will involve:
Design, build and test insurance pricing calculations.
Transform legacy pricing tools into pricing APIs built with Python and hosted on Databricks.
Implement business requirements into pricing calculation engines by assessing the best approach.
Save pricing calculation results into SQL databases.
Optimize existing pricing calculations to increase performance.
Set-up automated health monitoring checks and reports.
Work in close collaboration with the rest of the ZIB IT team to deliver an excellent user experience.
Employee perks, benefits
On top of a competitive annual bonus, we offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes:
Working time benefits
Personal days off, Concentrated work week, Additional vacation, Home office, Extra days off at occasion of childbirth, Sabbatical leave, Workcation
Monetary benefits
Life insurance from Zurich Austria, Compensation for salary loss during sick leave, 3rd pension pillar contribution, Risk Life Insurance, Meal contribution on top of the legally required minimum, Years of service bonus, Wedding bonus, Baby bonus
Other benefits
Edenred electronic cafeteria, Public Transport contribution, Maternity leave benefits, Massages in the office
Learning/Development
Professional Certifications, Online Education Portals, Extensive Onboarding program, Strengths based culture (GALLUP)
About us
At our company, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
29.1.2026
(there are still 25 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Educational Specialization
Actuarial & Pricing Analytics
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
Actuarial & Pricing Analytics
Number of years of experience
1
Personality requirements and skills
Your Skills and Experience
As a Pricing Python Developer, your skills and experience will ideally include:
Experience required:
1+ year with Python, preferably with Pandas, MLFlow and Numpy.
Databricks.
Familiarity with SQL.
Familiarity with software developer toolkit (such as Git, DevOps, etc).
Familiarity with development and deployment best practices.
Strong problem-solving skills.
Good to have:
Data pipelining using Microsoft Azure toolset, particularly Azure Data Factory, Azure Storage and Databricks.
Experience with .NET (C#).
Prior work experience in insurance or finance industry.
Other important characteristics
Passion to tackle real business problems.
Excellent written and spoken English.
Excellent communication skills.
Good team player.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Zurich is a leading multi-line insurer that serves its customers in global and local markets. With about 60,000 employees it provides a wide range of property and casualty, life insurance products and services in more than 200 countries and territories. Zurich’s customers include individuals, small businesses, and mid-sized and large companies, as well as multinational corporations.
Zurich Slovakia is a Competence Center based in Bratislava and Kosice providing highly specialized services for Zurich's headquarter in Switzerland and all Zurich Business units around the globe. Our services are focusing on all types of actuarial services – Life and Non-life, pricing and reserving, on data science and engineering, risk management, business intelligence, information technology, software asset management as well as insurance network management and technical accounting. Our Competence Center employs around 400+ staff from 20+ different countries.
At Zurich Insurance, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Laura Davidova
Tel.:
+421 917 597 205
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5209701
Dátum zverejnenia:
30.12.2025
2025-12-30
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Actuary
,
Python Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month