About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Information Governance Manager - Správca registratúry - Records Management
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 400 - 4 100 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between
[EUR 2,400] and [EUR 4,100] per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers: 
•	the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, 
•	the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialization, skills and experience. 
In the situation where you significantly exceed the requirements, the offered salary may be above the advertised range. 
In addition to your base salary, you may be eligible for additional rewards and benefits including an attractive performance-based bonus.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the opportunity
Data and information fuel Swiss Re's business and the insurance industry. A critical part of our data and analytics capability is the way we govern, manage and protect business records across their lifecycle. When handled well, records – and the data and documents they contain – can be seamlessly embedded in business processes, unlocking substantial value in underwriting, claims, risk management and client service. At the same time, they must be managed in line with legal, regulatory and industry requirements for retention, privacy, security and operational resilience.
With this role, we aim to further strengthen the Records Governance practice within the Group Data Services organisation, setting clear direction, standards and controls for records management globally and partnering with business and technology stakeholders to ensure they are consistently applied.
Your main responsibilities:
- Policy Support: Assist in the maintenance and review of existing policies, standards, and guidelines in close collaboration with senior team members and stakeholders
- Risk & Compliance Support: Help coordinate assessment activities and support records governance processes such as third-party reviews and digital governance checks.
- Training & Communication: Contribute to the development of training materials, user guides, and presentations to raise awareness about records governance practices.
- Monitoring & Reporting: Support tracking and reporting activities related to records management compliance and data governance maturity.
- Framework Consulting: Provide guidance and advice to internal customers and Swiss Re partners, offering process, tool, and implementation support.
About the Team
The Records Management Enabling & Transformation team is responsible for advancing all aspects around data and records in physical and electronic form. The team owns group-wide standards and guidelines, supervises the Swiss Re wide records management practice, and offers advisory services to colleagues in all business and group function.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
About you
- You have some initial experience—through internships, academic projects, or early professional roles—in areas such as information governance, records management, document management, or data protection.
- You are a clear communicator and enjoy working with others, whether it's collaborating with peers or supporting more senior colleagues.
- You have strong analytical thinking skills and enjoy solving problems, especially when working as part of a team.
- You are proactive, eager to learn, and open to trying new approaches to improve how things are done.
Nice to have
- Interest in pursuing (or already started working toward) relevant certifications such as Certified Information Professional (CIP), Information Governance Professional (IGP), or Certified Records Manager (CRM).
- You have a basic understanding of relevant laws, regulations, or best-practice frameworks (like ISO or MoReq2), and you're eager to deepen your knowledge in this space.
- You have experience in managing and maintaining records and related record governance systems.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Lucia Vargova
Apply here
ID:
5209805
Dátum zverejnenia:
31.12.2025
2025-12-31
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Archivist, Registry Administrator
,
Business Analyst
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
,
Librarian
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 400 EUR/month