About us
Open positions
Benefits
Contact
Sr. Specialist Reporting with Power BI
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary *
From 1 900 EUR/month
Contract type
full-time
* Of course, an overpayment is possible depending on the respective training, qualification and professional experience. The gross salary is based on these aforementioned criteria and is finally determined after the personal interview.
Henkel operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in two exciting business areas: Consumer Brands (Laundry & Home Care and Beauty Care) and Adhesive Technologies. Our success is built on constant innovation and people who strive for excellence. Working at Henkel is much more than just a job. It's a passion. Have you got what it takes?
About the team
At Henkel, you can make a difference and craft your career. That’s why you own your projects and take full responsibility from an early stage. Our unique brands in markets around the world open up countless opportunities to follow your convictions and explore new paths. If you have an entrepreneurial mindset that allows you to always think out of the box - take the chance and shape the digital future together with us.
Your role
Play a key role in development of advanced analytical tools in Power BI
Provide overviews and analytical insights for the global controlling departments on various financial KPIs, mostly from Supply chain area
Utilize and combine various data sources, master understanding of the data and underlying financial processes
Identify opportunities to streamline reporting activities
Manage your projects and collaborate with worldwide Henkel financial and technical community
Your skills
Strong analytical thinking and ability to translate complex business requirements into Business Intelligence solutions
Advanced knowledge of Power BI, DAX, Power Query and MS Excel
Focus on detail, precision and working transparently with managing priorities independently
Interest in combining BI acumen with finance understanding
Experience and interest in SQL and MS Report Builder welcome
Willingness to learn new skills
PLEASE SEND YOUR CV IN ENGLISH
Benefits we offer
Flexible work scheme with flexible hours, hybrid work model and up to 30 days per year for remote work abroad
Diverse national and international growth opportunities
Globally applicable well-being standards, including health and preventive care programs
Gender-neutral parental leave for a minimum of 8 weeks
Employee Share Plan with voluntary investment and Henkel matching shares
13th salary, incentives
Cafeteria benefit system, Multisport card
Henkel shop and Henkel nursery school
Extra paid days off for special life situations, referral and relocation bonus
#HenkelSlovensko
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5209522
Dátum zverejnenia:
30.12.2025
2025-12-30
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Financial Analyst
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Reporting Specialist
,
Technical Staff
Spoločnosť:
HENKEL SLOVENSKO, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 900 EUR/month