Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Non technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Junior Project Manager  with German Language
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 270 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.

We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 1270€ /brutto.
DigiHUB MARE is the way to digital future!
One Backend for multiple Front ends
Uncompromising customer focus - Uncompromising IT
PURPOSE:
At DigiHub MARE, we are pioneers in the development of applications for the end customers in Germany, the employees of Deutsche Telekom Technik, Deutsche Telekom Field Service and Deutsche Telekom Service and for technical solutions to support customer side processes. Our mission is to deliver groundbreaking solutions that redefine the standards of excellence. We believe in innovation, integrity, and inclusivity. If you're passionate about pushing boundaries and making a tangible impact, you'll find your second home with us.
What will you do?
Providing support to the Team using a servant leadership style.
Guiding the Scrum Team on how to use Agile/Scrum practices and values to delight customers.
Guiding both the Scrum Team and the Development team on how to get the most of out self organization.
Removing impediments or guiding the team to remove impediments by finding the right personnel to remove the impediment.
Building a trusting and safe environment where problems can be raised without fear of blame, retribution, or being judged, with an emphasis of healing and problem solving.
Facilitating getting the work done without coercion, assigning, or dictating the work.
Assisting with internal and external communication, improving transparency, and radiating information
You will succeed if you:
Have:
Bachelor’s degree in project management, Business Administration, or a related field.
Some experience in project management or a related role is preferred.
Basic understanding of project management methodologies (e.g., Agile, Waterfall) and tools (e.g., MS Project, JIRA).
Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Good problem-solving abilities and attention to detail.
Ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously and work under supervision.
Proficiency in project management software and MS Office Suite.
Languages
German - Proficiency (B2)
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other criteria or requirements
Willing to travel abroad.
Effective communication and relationship management skills.
Out of box thinking and flexibility
Strong organizational and time management abilities.
Willingness to learn and adapt in dynamic environments.
Ability to work collaboratively within cross-functional teams.
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills.
ICT background (Networking preferably); ITIL knowledge.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 270 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.

We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 1270€ /brutto.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lucia Gbúrová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5210942
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.1.2026
2026-01-05
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 270 EUR/month