Back to open positions
About PwC
Students and graduates
Experienced candidates
Mothers
Benefits
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
Upon Agreement
Wage (gross)
From 1 450 EUR/month
(+ annual bonus, salary review, interesting company benefits)
SSC Business administration & operations Specialist (m/f)
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Our Shared Service Centre (SSC) is currently looking for an
Business administration & operations Specialist (m/f)
to our Customer Management Processes Team.
This is an opportunity for a talented, self-motivated individual to develop their skill set and network in PwC, working with experienced iPower PwC’s internal system practitioners and acting as a 1st level support to other PwC colleagues across a range of technical and administrative issues.
Your responsibilities will include:
Provide a complex first level
technical and administrative support to users
in supported territories to problems and transactions to using the firm’s internal business
“iPower” system
to users in supported territories.
Solve and
answer client’s requests
via online ticketing system tool in line within defined procedures.
Communicate with requesters via the e-tickets
and ensure that all necessary information and documentation is in place to fulfill the request or route the problem to other responsible teams.
Ensure that all respective requests e-tickets are addressed and managed accurately and in a timely manner according to the agreed deadlines and set procedures.
Arrange and
process different documents
in regard to his/her field of activity.
Check for and
assure accuracy of clients' data
.
Maintain validity of data
in internal systems and databases.
Handle all related correspondence and documents
that are to be processed.
Analyse processes
and available less complex data in order to find solutions to the problems
Perform a set of
period end closing activities
for supported territories such as ensuring the quality of data and accuracy of processed transactions within and between systems, tools and communicate to general staff, managers and partners on important deadlines
Support other Business Support teams and IT in
testing and implementation of new system deployments
and other updates.
Communicate with requesters to ensure that all necessary information and documentation is in place to fulfill the request or route the problem to other responsible teams and communicate to general staff on important updates & deadlines
Employee perks, benefits
Benefits you can enjoy while working at PwC
Financial Rewards:
Benefit from regular salary reviews, performance bonuses and other special bonuses. Enjoy meal contributions and a cafeteria benefit system offering personalized choices.
Flexibility & Work-Life Balance:
Enjoy our hybrid working policy, flexible working hours, 2 extra days off during Christmas along with Sick-days. Every minute of your extra work is valued and compensated.
Career Development:
Engage in tailored internal and external training programs as well as structured career development plan.
Health & Well-being:
Access benefits such as physiotherapy consultations, Multisport card and medical center membership. Take advantage of our Well-being and Work-Life Coaching program.
Supportive Culture:
Participate in teambuilding activities and social events and join our employee referral program. Experience a culture with regular feedback and a supportive environment.
Global Opportunities:
Seize the opportunity for international assignments and work on diverse projects with international clients. Explore the world while working with the possibility of working from abroad.
Extra perks:
Use various discounts at partner companies such as cars, health care, beauty, culture or others.. Transfer up to 4 telephone numbers at discounted rates.
Personality requirements and skills
Experience from a
similar position or a relevant experience
from a Shared Service Centre is an advantage
Strong
intellectual, organizational & technical skills
with the desire to seek new learning opportunities to stay technical and relevant
Self-motivated, proactive
and willing to take ownership of issues and drive them to a timely & successful resolution
Good communication skills in
English
, oral and written, with the ability to draft and deliver clear messages to clients
Ability to think and plan ahead
, be flexible, accurate and quickly shift gears in a dynamic environment, to cope with tight deadlines
Ability to work
independently but also as part of a team
Information about the selection process
If you'd like to apply for this position, please click on the "Apply here" button below and apply through our system.
Data privacy announcement you can find here: https://pwc.to/2s8n2tn
We seek to hire people who are great at what they do and bring our behaviours to life in how they do it. Our PwC Professional framework guides us to work together to create a better tomorrow. Together, Trusted Leadership and Distinctive Outcomes are how we deliver on our purpose and strategy, serving our clients and living our values in every interaction, everyday. The PwC Professional framework defines the behaviours we’re all expected to demonstrate at PwC and what we look for in our future talent.
Are you ready to be a PwC Professional?
If the current position is not right for you but you have friends or acquaintances in your area who could also be interested in working with us at PwC, feel free to direct them to us. If we establish cooperation with a candidate recommended by you, you can receive a reward ranging from 300 to 1000 EUR, depending on the seniority of the candidate. You can find the referral form at this link: https://www.pwc.com/sk/en/careers/get-rewarded-for-recommending-candidate.html
Contact
Contact person: Zuzana Matejovičová
E-mail:
send CV
Send CV
Back to open positions
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5211937
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.1.2026
2026-01-07
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Assistant
,
Back Office Specialist
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
PwC
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 450 EUR/month