Senior Full Stack Engineer
Ciklum
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 600 EUR/month
The salary starts from 2600 Euro gross. The final salary depends on the previous experience and professional knowledge of the candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Ciklum
is looking for a
Senior Full Stack Engineer
to join our team full-time in Slovakia.
We are a custom product engineering company that supports both multinational organizations and scaling startups to solve their most complex business challenges. With a global team of over 4,000 highly skilled developers, consultants, analysts and product owners, we engineer technology that redefines industries and shapes the way people live.
About the role:
As a Senior Full Stack Engineer, you will be part of a cross-functional team with full ownership of the product and codebase. You will participate in all stages of the development lifecycle — from ideation and design to architecture, implementation, deployment, and maintenance. This project enhances trust and transparency on a global consumer review platform by detecting and preventing fraudulent activities, such as fake reviews, and ensuring policy compliance through AI, data analysis, and scalable fraud detection systems.
Responsibilities:
Collaborate closely with Product, Design, and Data Science in a full ownership team
Drive system design and technical decision-making
Use TypeScript to develop scalable backend services and clean, reusable frontend components
Build and maintain RESTful APIs and distributed cloud services
Contribute to planning, implementing, and releasing new features
Troubleshoot and resolve issues across the tech stack
Write clean, maintainable, and testable code
Actively participate in code reviews and team discussions
Support and inspire the team with your technical expertise and problem-solving mindset
Requirements:
5+ years of professional experience in fullstack web development
Proven experience in designing, building, and maintaining secure, distributed systems on AWS
Strong, hands-on expertise with TypeScript, Node.js and React
Experience with implementing event-driven architectures and microservice architecture
Demonstrable experience with AWS services such as API Gateway, Lambda, ECS, SQS, SNS, and DynamoDB
Proficient with CI/CD practices and tools (e.g., Jenkins, GitLab CI, GitHub Actions)
Hands-on experience with containerization using Docker and an understanding of orchestration (e.g., ECS, Kubernetes)
Skilled in working with both NoSQL (e.g., MongoDB, DynamoDB) and relational databases (e.g., PostgreSQL), including performance tuning
Experience with monitoring, logging, and observability tools (e.g., CloudWatch, Datadog, Grafana)
Strong problem-solving skills and a passion for code quality and technical excellence
Upper-intermediate or higher level of spoken and written English
Desirable:
Experience with GCP and services like BigQuery
Exposure to Python and .NET.
Frontend experience with React, Next.js, CSS Modules, SASS, or Styled Components
Familiarity with event-driven architectures and microservices
Experience in data analysis or fraud detection solutions
Personal skills:
Accountability: You take ownership and follow through on your responsibilities
Drive: You're proactive and results-oriented, always seeking better ways to solve problems
Self-development: You stay curious, seek feedback, and aim for continuous improvement
Effective communication: You communicate your ideas clearly and collaborate effectively in a team
Mentoring: You're open to helping less experienced team members and sharing knowledge
What`s in it for you?
Strong community: Work alongside top professionals in a friendly, open-door culture that values initiative and empowers its people to succeed
Fast-paced & agile environment: Be part of a dynamic, fast-moving organization that champions efficiency and innovation
Global exposure: Collaborate with international, cross-functional teams and contribute to large-scale initiatives
Tailored learning: Boost your skills with internal events (meetups, conferences, workshops), Udemy access, language courses, and company-paid certifications
Flexibility: Balance office and remote work to fit your rhythm
Care: Take advantage of our extensive benefits offering, aligned with the best market standards
The salary starts from 2600 Euro gross. The final salary depends on the previous experience and professional knowledge of the candidate.
About us:
At Ciklum, we are always exploring innovations, empowering each other to achieve more, and engineering solutions that matter. With us, you’ll work with cutting-edge technologies, contribute to impactful projects, and be part of a One Team culture that values collaboration and progress.
Our Slovakia hub brings together passionate professionals working on global initiatives. Be part of a close-knit team that’s driving digital transformation and creating lasting impact.
Want to learn more about us? Follow us onInstagram,Facebook,LinkedIn, stop by one of our IT meetups Nalejvárna.
Explore, empower, engineer with Ciklum!
Interested already? We would love to get to know you! Submit your application. We can’t wait to see you at Ciklum.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Ciklum is a global Experience Engineering firm that stands at the forefront of innovation, blending next-generation product engineering, exceptional customer experiences, and cutting-edge AI.
For over 20 years, Ciklum has been a trusted partner to global enterprises and digital disruptors, spearheading the creation of digital solutions that tackle complex corporate challenges while propelling businesses toward accelerated growth and success.
Its global team of over 4,000 highly skilled engineers, experienced design specialists and consultants joins forces to engineer technology that paves the way for the future of your business.
If you are looking for an interesting job opportunity and developing technologies that reimagine, reshape, and redefine the future, take a look at the vacancies at Ciklum here:
https://jobs.ciklum.com/offices/slovakia/
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Yaroslav Klivak
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5211782
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.1.2026
2026-01-06
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Javascript Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Ciklum
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 600 EUR/month