O nás
Voľné pozície
Benefity
EN
SK
Staň sa súčasťou tímu vizionárov
Vytvárajme spolu budúcnosť kybernetickej bezpečnosti
späť na voľné pracovné miesta
Experienced Product Designer - Design System
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 3 700 EUR/month
* The final basic wage component can be increased accordingly to individual skills and experience of the selected candidate.
* Financial bonus based on performance paid twice a year up to 15% from the base salary paid during the evaluation period (normally 6 months).
Contract type
full-time
Would you like to define the User Experience for a global software company with more than 100 million users? The User Experience Team at ESET is looking for a talented designer with passion for innovation and the motivation to take the design and usability of our products, services, and related touch points to a new level.
As a member of global User Experience Team at ESET headquarters, you will utilize your previous experience to shape the future of ESET security products and services for business customers around the world, including some of the most famous global corporations (airlines, banks, car manufacturers and others).
ESET is a leading creator of security solutions and protects customers in 200+ countries and to continue to provide a world-class experience for our users and we are expanding our UX efforts and team.
About the role
Our User Experience Team plays an important role in shaping how our products are designed, built, and experienced across a complex, multi-product solution. We combine a strong focus on the user with systematic design thinking and hands-on craft, bridging design and development.
One of our initiatives is the Design System, a foundation that brings coherence and scalability across products. As an Experienced Product Designer, you’ll help shape and grow this system, ensuring it scales effectively, stays consistent, and continues to evolve in line with product and business needs.
Responsibilities
Lead specific areas of the Design System and content guidelines
Evangelize best practices to drive Design System adoption across the organization
Design and evolve the Design System by refining components and tokens for scalability
Create clear guidelines and usage examples that support both designers and developers
Map patterns and repetitive content across workflows to reduce friction and improve usability
Advocate for accessibility and inclusivity across all components and patterns
Validate design decisions through usability testing and data insights
Balance consistency with innovation while maintaining technical feasibility
Bridge design and development by providing precise, actionable implementation details
Prioritize effectively, addressing immediate product needs while supporting long-term evolution
Ensure transparent delivery by owning deadlines and contributing to roadmap planning
Collaboratively iterate your designs with different stakeholders
Coordinate and mentor junior designers, helping them grow while ensuring quality and consistency in their work
Participate in critiques and reviews
Contribute to the full spectrum of UX activities within the team
The qualities we value
A design thinker, focused on usability, problem-solving, and reducing friction
Strategic and systematic, balancing long-term vision with practical delivery
Committed to quality with strong attention to detail
Solution-oriented, addressing issues by proposing scalable improvements
Proactive and result-oriented, moving topics forward and inspiring others
Collaborative and team-oriented, able to mentor and support peers
Who you’ll work with
Teams of interaction, product & service designers across different domains
Other Design System contributors
Front-end developers and QA
Product managers and other stakeholders
What makes you a great fit
5+ years of experience in digital Product or UX/UI Design
Education in UX, Interaction Design, Visual Communication, Architecture, Product Design, or a related field
A portfolio showcasing expertise in digital products and Design Systems
Advanced Figma skills
Fluency in English, both written and spoken
Strong communication skills, the ability to explain complex concepts with clarity and confidence
Ability to quickly grasp technical topics
Bonus points for
Knowledge of design tokens, multi-brand/theming systems
Experience with B2B environments or complex platforms
Familiarity with Confluence, Jira
Proficiency in prototyping
Curiosity about AI tools to optimize Design Systems workflows
What we offer
The chance to grow personally and professionally, contributing to a Design System that impacts multiple products
A role where your decisions directly shape the way teams design and build
A culture that values collaboration and transparency
Sounds interesting?
If you’d like to apply, please send samples that best represent your skills. For team projects, be sure to highlight your specific role. Most importantly, we’d love to see how you think, solve problems and approach challenges. Please don’t send only polished screens - we’re just as interested in the process behind the pixels ;)
Kontaktná osoba
Marika Fiamínová
Poslať životopis
BENEFITY PRE TEBA
Flexibilita
Firemné podujatia
Benefity pre celú rodinu
Šport a zdravie Wellbeing
A ešte viac…
O ESETe
Spoločnosť ESET je globálnym lídrom v oblasti digitálnej bezpečnosti a je jedným z najväčších dodávateľov bezpečnostných riešení v Európskej únii. Zároveň je najväčšou a najoceňovanejšou IT firmou na Slovensku.
Už viac ako 30 rokov vyvíjame popredný softvér a služby zamerané na IT bezpečnosť a ochranu podnikov, kritickej infraštruktúry a domácností z celého sveta
Okrem vytvárania bezpečnostných riešení pre zákazníkov je našim cieľom aj aktívne prispievať k inovatívnej a zodpovednej spoločnosti v oblasti
vzdelávania
,
vedy
a
výskumu
.
V ESETe sú diverzita, rovnosť a inklúzia (DEI) neoddeliteľnou súčasťou firemnej kultúry. Sme hrdým signatárom a ambasádorom
Charty diverzity
. Snažíme sa vytvárať pracovné
prostredie
, kde sa každý cíti cenený a rešpektovaný. S otvorenosťou vítame záujem jednotlivcov zo všetkých prostredí -  vrátane rasy, pohlavia, veku, náboženstva, zdravotného znevýhodnenia, či sexuálnej orientácie.
Viac sa o nás dozviete na
našej stránke
.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5211427
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.1.2026
2026-01-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
User Experience Expert
,
Web Designer
Spoločnosť:
ESET, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 700 EUR/month