Senior CRM Developer
Insignia Lifestyle Services s. r. o.
Place of work
Digital Park, Einsteinova, Petržalka
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
4 000 EUR/month
Final salary depends on the experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Insignia Group of Companies is one of the most bespoke high-end lifestyle management and payment service groups in the world. We are looking for a
Senior Dynamics CRM Developer
to join our Insinet team.
We are looking for a
Senior Dynamics CRM Developer
with strong expertise in Dynamics CRM on-premise (8.2 or higher) and the .NET ecosystem.
You will be responsible for designing and implementing business-critical solutions, integrating CRM with other systems, and driving technical decisions within the team. This role is ideal for someone who is comfortable taking ownership, working closely with business stakeholders, and mentoring other developer
Key Responsibilities:
Design, develop and maintain      solutions on Microsoft Dynamics CRM (on-premise)
Implement server-side logic      using .NET / .NET Core (plugins, custom workflows, integrations, backend      services)
Design and develop web services      / APIs (REST, SOAP or both) to integrate CRM with internal and external      systems
Work with databases (RDBMS and      NoSQL): schema design, queries, performance tuning
Participate in technical design      and architecture discussions, propose and implement best practices
Ensure code quality through code      reviews, unit testing and adherence to coding standards
Collaborate with BA/PO and other      teams to translate business requirements into technical solutions
Troubleshoot production issues,      analyze root causes, and implement fixes and improvements
Document solutions, integrations      and key technical decisions
Employee perks, benefits
Working for one of the best international lifestyle management companies.
Career growth.
Exclusive discounts for flight tickets/ hotel deals when booking a personal vacation.
Working in family environment.
We love dogs in our office, if you'd like to bring yours in :)
Fun teambuildings.
Other company benefits.
Information about the selection process
Please send you CV in English only.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Dynamics CRM - Advanced
.NET - Advanced
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
5+ years of professional      experience with .NET and Microsoft Dynamics CRM
Hands-on experience with      Dynamics CRM on-premise 8.2 or higher is mandatory
Strong experience with .NET Core
Solid experience in designing      and implementing web services / APIs
Strong knowledge of relational      databases (e.g. MS SQL Server, MySQL, etc.)
Solid understanding of:
- OOP principles
- Common design patterns
- SOLID, KISS, DRY principles in everyday work
Experience working with message      brokers (e.g. RabbitMQ, Kafka, Azure Service Bus, etc.)
English: Intermediate or higher      (ability to participate in calls, discuss requirements, read/write      documentation)
Experience with Domain-Driven      Design(DDD), full-stack development experience and experience with ReactJS      would be considered an asset
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
With 30 years of excellence, Insignia has long been a trusted partner to the world’s most elite, ultra-high-net-worth individuals. Renowned for our unrivaled expertise, we cater to the most discerning clients, providing an exceptional standard of service that anticipates their every need and exceeds their highest expectations.
We are more than a service provider; we are curators of extraordinary experiences and stewards of wealth and lifestyle. Our philosophy is rooted in bespoke service, granting our clients exclusive access to the finest in luxury, emerging trends, and a global network of distinguished partners and industry specialists.
Headquartered in London, with a growing presence across the Globe our reach enables us to offer unparalleled solutions across all aspects of luxury and financial management. Innovation is at our core, and our clients’ satisfaction is the driving force behind everything we do.
At Insignia, we foster a culture of independent thinking, assertiveness, and collaboration, where each team member is empowered to contribute to our continued success and the delivery of extraordinary results.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Sandra Merklová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5212398
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.1.2026
2026-01-07
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
Spoločnosť:
Insignia Lifestyle Services s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 000 EUR/month