Hiring Experienced Node.js Developer
localhost s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 2 600 EUR/month
Final agreement depends on your skill-set and experience. This is the subject of a partnership agreement during the selection process.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for an experienced software engineer who already has work experience with Node.js for one of our new international projects.
If you are no longer a newbie to the IT development and have an overview of the product life cycle, activities in an agile environment and enjoy creating and maintaining effective code, be sure to send us your CV. You are going to be a part of great team with global reach on international project.
Key Responsibilities:
• Creating, maintaining and documenting code.
• Editing and modifying existing code for its greater efficiency.
• Implementing new functionalities.
• Using automated testing tools for testing.
• Collaborating with team members on various tasks.
Employee perks, benefits
• 6 extra days off: 3x localhost days and 3x sick days
• Referral bonus
• Benefit plus budget
• Multisport Card
• Financial contribution to Pension plan
• Education support (certificates, courses, trainings)
• Physiotherapist sessions once a week in the office
• Bonuses at every smashing life events
• Flexible working arrangements
• Transparent approach and communication
• Supporting your ideas
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
4
Personality requirements and skills
• At least 4+ years of working experience with Node.js and Express.js
• Demonstrable experience with Jest and unit testing
• Previous experience with Cloudwatch, Redis, and Lambdas
• Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases
• Ability to work independently with great focus on details
Best Candidates Will Also Have:
• Experience with an agile environment
• Demonstrable experience with Azure
• Experience with release and deployment
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Join the digital revolution with localhost!
We're not your average IT company. As a team of passionate tech experts based in Košice, we've spent the last decade empowering global and local brands alike.
Our 100+ strong team of engineers is committed to your success, constantly learning and adapting to bring you the most innovative solutions and state-of-the-art software. Whether you're a startup or an enterprise, we're your trusted partner.
Reach out today and let's shape your digital future together: info@localhost.company
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Patrik Polák
Tel.:
+421905595022
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5212326
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.1.2026
2026-01-07
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
localhost s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 600 EUR/month