About us
Our benefits
Open positions
IT Support Engineer
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 500 - 2 500 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between EUR 1,500 and EUR 2,500 per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers:
•	the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, 
•	the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience.
In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits.
Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you looking for an opportunity to work in a modern and dynamic environment? Do you like to work for the collective success of the team? Is helping others something that gives you satisfaction? We are seeking an enthusiastic IT Support Engineer to become a valuable member of the Bratislava IT team.
As an IT Support Engineer in our team, your role will include:
-Contribute to the effective and efficient handling of all levels of technical support cases from basic user questions to issues requiring more in-depth technical and problem-solving skills
-Update asset inventory, installation of Swiss Re computers, decommission hardware when required, deliver the requested hardware/software requested with appropriate tasks to be carried out, complete tickets for tasks assigned with appropriate updates and closure
-Responsible for inventory in the asset management tool, handle reparations with vendors, replacement of devices and donations of old hardware as well as disposal of electronic scrap
-Equipment loan administration and provide meeting-room support
About the Team
We are a small group of people that makes its best to keep our 2000+ colleagues happy and enables them to deliver their business goals. Apart from that, we also want to have fun at work by maintaining positive mood within the team. We will be happy to take you on board and enjoy daily work with us.
Employee perks, benefits
You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Nobody is perfect and meets 100% of requirements. If you, however, meet most of the criteria below, we will be happy to meet you in person:
-At least 2-3 years of experience within -similar role
-Up-to-date technical knowledge to support End-User Computing services
-Experience in searching and analyzing relevant information to make sound decisions and tackle large scale problems in a timely manner would be useful
-Experience in establishing and building credibility quickly and managing relationships with internal and external clients and peers is an advantage.
-Strong customer focus
-Fluent in the English language
We are looking forward to your application!
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Denisa Bastos
Apply here
ID:
5212175
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.1.2026
2026-01-07
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Customer Support Specialist
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month