Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Workplace Senior Engineer with German
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
We are looking for a senior technical expert responsible for the design and implementation of assigned technologies, software deployment, and data center operations.
Team description
Join the team at Operational Services GmbH, within Deutsche Telekom Systems Solutions Slovakia, providing opportunities for German-speaking talents in Slovakia. OS is one of the leading ICT service providers in the German market and is considered the backbone of digitization in medium-sized companies. With almost 1,300 highly qualified employees, OS develops and operates the most modern IT systems for our customers, ensures long-term system support, and maintains the availability of critical business processes.
What will you do?
You will be responsible for operations in the data center, software deployment, and handling activities such as incident/change/problem tickets, as well as continuous improvements to services.
Scope of work:
Work as part of the team or independently to implement and maintain solutions.
You will succeed if you:
The ideal candidate will have at least 1 year of experience with the following:
Detailed knowledge of Microsoft Defender solutions (Defender XDR)
Microsoft AD
MS Entra ID
Microsoft Intune
Windows 365
iOS
macOS
Nice-to-have skills:
Knowledge of common hardware manufacturers and operating systems
MIM
Scripting (e.g., PowerShell)
Microsoft Server
Azure On-Premise Components
Desired Certifications:
The ideal candidate would have some of the following certifications:
Microsoft 365 Certified: Modern Desktop Administrator Associate
MIM Foundation Training
Microsoft Certified Azure Identity and Access Administrator
Microsoft Certified Azure Administrator Associate
Microsoft Security Operations Analyst
Microsoft Azure Security Technologies
Microsoft Cybersecurity Architect Engineer
Languages:
English - Intermediate (B1)
German – Upper Intermediate (B2)
Other criteria or requirements:
You are experienced in implementing IT solutions.
You bring a hands-on mentality. You are organized in planning implementation steps and align with all relevant stakeholders.
You are a team player.
Possible specialisation
Participation on on-call duties , independent solving and troubleshooting of incidents and errors within defined expertise.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lívia Tomečková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5213327
Dátum zverejnenia:
8.1.2026
2026-01-08
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
DevOps Engineer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 850 EUR/month