Sales and Intragroup process expert
VAILLANT GROUP Heat Pump Production s.r.o.
Place of work
Senica, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/month
The final salary will depend on the candidate's experience and knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
In this position you will establish a solid foundation for future flexibility in the Sales & Intragroup area as part of the
Digital Process World project.
• Your responsibilities will also include supporting international Rollout projects.
• You will be support of interdisciplinary and international supply chain projects including project planning and
management through to the final implementation of new or improved processes.
• Optimization of interfaces and continuous improvement of the entire supply chain, with strong involvement of other
departments, especially Sales, Logistics, and Finance will be one of your key tasks.
• In this position, you will derivation of improvement initiatives for process standardization, enabled by SAP ECC and
SAP S/4HANA functionalities and supported by the Supply Chain Governance structure.
• You will have a significant involvement in the development of a KPI system to assess the quality and efficiency of
the customer order entry & Intragroup process, enabling evaluation of the current status and progress of the sales
companies in relation to group objectives
• Regular updating of KPIs and derivation of measures to achieve defined targets will also be your responsibility.
• You act as a contact person for support for operational supply chain stakeholders (acting as a change agent,
providing consulting and training) and you will participate in supporting and guiding operational planners.
Employee perks, benefits
• We offer employment in a long-term international company that is a leader in heating technology and is committed
to comprehensive environmental protection as part of the corporate vision "We care for a better climate".
• We create an inspiring working environment where employees feel motivated and engaged through various
activities for employees and our inherent traditions with a gift during the most famous holidays of the year etc.
• We care about the professional and personal development of our employees, that´s why we offer quality training
tailored to your individual needs.
• We support our employees during important life events such as marriage or the birth of a child, as well as on their
life anniversaries.
• We contribute to our employees' supplementary pension savings.
• We provide discount on the purchase of VG product.
• We will reward you if you recommend your future colleague.
• We offer the possibility of working from home and provide complete IT equipment (PC and mobile phone,
possibility to order a desk and chair to set up a home office)
Requirements for the employee
Personality requirements and skills
You have successfully completed Bachelor’s degree in the field of engineering, business administration, industrial
engineering or in a comparable field of study.
• You have professional experience in operational supply chain management, process optimization, and project
leadership.
• SAP experience in Supply Chain processes (e.g. Material requirements planning, procurement and/or sales).
• You speak a fluent in English and you have flexibility to travel for project-related activities.
• Good Excel / PowerPoint skills.
• Analytical skills, strong team spirit, structured working style are your strengths.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Skupina Vaillant Group je synonymom vykurovania a prípravy teplej vody, pričom hlavný dôraz kladie na kvalitu, spoľahlivosť a užívateľský komfort. Jej produkty tepelnej techniky sú zastúpené vo viac ako 100 krajinách sveta. Združuje značky Vaillant, Saunier Duval, AWB, Bulex, DemirDöküm, Glow worm, Hermann Saunier Duval a Protherm. Každá z týchto značiek má s výrobou vykurovacích zariadení bohaté skúsenosti, pretože väčšina z nich je v danom segmente viac ako 80 rokov.
Contact
Contact person: Michaela Marušková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
jobs.vaillant-group.com
Zdieľajte túto prácu:
Working at Vaillant Group.
Taking care of a better climate.
Both count, both are us.
We take care of a better climate. In every home and our environment. As a successful family business, we have been living up to this claim for over 150 years. We are one of the world's leading providers of heat pumps, digital services and efficient gas heating appliances and offer energy-saving solutions.
You will find sustainability everywhere at the Vaillant Group. In the office, at the production sites and on the road. Around 16,000 employees from over 70 countries are committed to this every day. As an international team, we take responsibility - for our future and that of our planet. We promote your personal development so that you can act with passion and together we can ensure a better climate.
Become part of the Vaillant Group and help us shape the future of heating!
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5213565
Dátum zverejnenia:
8.1.2026
2026-01-08
lokalita:
Senica
Pozícia:
Demand planner
,
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
VAILLANT GROUP Heat Pump Production s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month