About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Business Analyst Associate (Hybrid)
Place of work
Mlynské nivy 12, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 500 - 2 500 EUR/month
The specific salary offered considers: the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role and the applicant’s own profile including education/ qualifications, expertise, specialization, skills and experience. In addition to your base salary, you may be eligible for additional rewards and benefits including an attractive performance-based bonus.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Ready to make a real impact with data? Join our team and leverage proven methods and advanced techniques to transform raw data into actionable insights for our global Life & Health Reinsurance operations!
About the Role
The Data Management & Insights [DMI] team is part of Business Excellence delivering on the promise of a stable end-to-end operating platform for Life & Health Reinsurance. Our team's mission is to make data accessible to stakeholders by acquiring and ingesting client data systematically through our systems. We are using advance analytics techniques to create insights that generate additional value for L&H (Life & Health) Re. We operate with a continuous improvement mindset to make data, systems, and processes better not only for their own use but also for their stakeholders.
In this role you will have the following key business responsibilities:
•   Analyze client policy and claims data, underlying product and treaty wording,
•   Code the data into a standardized format using VBA and load the data to Swiss Re systems,
•   Create insights on data using various type of technology (e.g. PowerBI, Power Query, etc.),
•   Collaborate with both internal and external clients on data related topics.
Employee perks, benefits
•   Attractive performance-based bonus
•   Own The Way You Work in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
•   Modern office spaces in attractive location
•   5 additional days of holiday
•   Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
•   Referral bonus
•   Pension & risk insurance contribution
•   Life insurance contribution
•   Sick days and sick leave support
•   Public transport benefit
•   Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Nobody is perfect and meets 100% of our requirements. If you, however, meet some of the criteria below and are curious about the world of data analysis, we'll be more than happy to meet you!
Essentials:
•   Analytical thinking with interest in information systems, reports and data,
•   Proficient level on Microsoft Office (Excel, Word and PowerPoint),
•   Pragmatic attitude to problem solving.
Nice to have:
•   Experience in insurance/reinsurance market or similar working experience
•   Knowledge of VBA is very welcomed
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Haniah Racek Zavodska
Tel.:
+421232778021
Apply here
ID:
5213567
Dátum zverejnenia:
8.1.2026
2026-01-08
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Business Analyst
,
Database Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month