About us & contact
Career
Benefits
Kubernetes Engineer (m/f/d)
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
asap
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
Salary from 2500 EUR gross/ month - the final offer is most likely to be higher based on proven experience
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for Kubernetes Engineer extend current remote team providing support within Kubernetes Engineer environment.
You can work in a combination of : Nitra+Homeoffice/Presov+Homeoffice/remote by agreement
Key Responsibilities:
• Contribute Kubernetes expertise: Architecture, deployment and maintenance of Kubernetes clusters on OpenShift and ARO.
• Automation and CI/CD: Building and maintaining robust CI/CD pipelines according to GitOps principles.
• Incident management: analyzing and resolving incidents, root cause analyses and implementation of preventive measures. Including 24/7 shift.
• Cross-team collaboration: close cooperation with software development, DevOps, database, network and Azure Cloud.
• Monitoring and observability: Implementation of modern monitoring, logging and alerting solutions using Dynatrace and Splunk.
• Technical consulting: promoting a culture of learning and continuous improvement within the team.
Personality requirements and skills
You must have:
• Good experience with Kubernetes (OpenShift, ARO)
• Experience with cloud platforms (Azure and OpenShift).
• Confident handling of infrastructure-as-code tools such as Terraform and Helm.
• Expertise in CI/CD pipelines with GitOps.
• Experience in incident management and error prevention.
Language:
• English
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Kubernetes - Advanced
Openshift - Skillful
Linux - Advanced
GitOps - Skillful
Send CV to the company
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Vaše osobné údaje sú spracovávané a likvidované v súlade s Nariadením Európskeho parlamentu a Rady (EÚ) 2016/679 a zákona o ochrane osobných údajov 18/2018. Zásady a smernicu o ochrane osobných údajov nájdete na:
GDPR
Your personal data is processed and disposed of in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council and the Data Protection Act 18/2018. The privacy policy and directive can be found at:
GDPR
Follow us on
ID:
5213609
Dátum zverejnenia:
8.1.2026
2026-01-08
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
,
Systems Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Raiffeisen Informatik SK s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month