Lead Developer – Java & PHP
PERSONALITY, s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
4 000 - 4 500 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you interested in FinTech projects & Online payment processing services?
Join us and let's work together on the development of a payment gateway for international online payments.
You will be responsible for leading a team, technical execution. As well as project oversight including planning, stakeholder communication, architecture, and solving complex technical issues.
This position is suitable for a candidate at a senior level.
So, would you like to be at the forefront of driving IT initiatives & improvements in line with the company's latest strategic objectives?
If so, we have an exciting Job opportunity for you.
Key responsibilities:
Leading the team of Java developers
Development of payment applications & payment gateways in Java
Maintenance & extension of the payment gateway API
Resolving complex technical issues & incidents
Planning & prioritizing resources based on project deadlines
Managing Client relationships & partnerships with 3rd parties
Monitoring industry trends & applying “FinTech Best practises”.
Candidate Experience:
Techstack:
Min. 5 years of commercial experience with Java Development
Knowledge of security principles in the field of online payments
Customer centric approach
Experience in managing IT projects
Java
Spring Framework, Spring Security, Spring MVC
PHP
Docker
Primefaces
Postgresql, GIT
REST
SOAP
Microservice pattern
Employee perks, benefits
Working with the latest trends & technologies in the field of online payments
Personal development programs/workshops and training
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our client is providing international online payment processing services.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Java - Advanced
Team Leader - Advanced
Driving licence
B
Experience in the position/sector
Team leader/ Java
Number of years of experience
5
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Group PERSONALITY® is an HR Leader providing a unique combination of services: HEADHUNTING, RECRUITMENT, PERSONAL LEASING, INTERIM MANAGEMENT, TEMPORARY PLACEMENT, CAREER ADVISORY and creation of professional LINKEDIN profiles.
PERSONALITY® was founded in 2006 with a vision of becoming a professional partner in HR. Our core team of Headhunters and Recruiters shares exceptional experience with filling various vacancies under the most precise criteria and requirements. We are available to you in our offices in Bratislava, Nitra, Prague and Dubai.
To our Clients and Candidates, we offer complex services and solutions, individual consulting, as well as long-term partnership, with the highest quality of service provided being our primary objective. Find more information about us on www.PersonalityHR.com.
Within the scope of CAREER ADVISORY service, we will be happy to create or enhance your tailor-made Professional LinkedIn profile: www.ProfileLinked.in.
Peter Križan
CEO
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
10-19 employees
Contact
Contact person: Veronika Mačuhová
Tel.:
+421903291830
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5214862
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.1.2026
2026-01-11
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Java Programmer
,
Team leader
Spoločnosť:
PERSONALITY, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 000 EUR/month