ri-rpc.sk
Leading provider
of innovative and
reliable card
services
About us
Project manager
Place of work
Námestie Mateja Korvína 1, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 300 EUR/month
minimum 2 300€ + fix allowances twice a year + bonus (base salary depends on candidates level of experiences and skills)
About the role
Take a unique and exciting opportunity and become a part of our strategic projects as a Project manager!
You will support and drive various kind of projects, like migration, business, IT projects in a very dynamic environment.
We are looking for a project manager who will manage  medium to large sized projects in the banking sector.
Leading various types of projects in international environment
Responsible for managing whole life cycle of projects, project budget, resource allocations, project deliveries
Analysis and management of project risks
Steering cooperation with parties involved in the project
Regular Management reporting
Identify, review, and evaluate basic regulatory requirements as well as develop and implement solutions
Initiate strategic decisions
Responsibility for quality of communication across whole internal departments (Business, Development, Testing, Security etc. …)
Control quality and time of project deliveries to customers
Responsibility for the preparation, maintenance and delivery of project documentation in accordance with the project methodology valid in the RPC.
What qualifications are important for this job
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
5 years of experience with Project management and managing various projects is important
Experience with SW development projects
Knowledge of SDLC
Knowledge of project principles and methodology of managing project
Experience with people management
Fluent English is a must
German is an advantage
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Strong customer orientation
Organized  approach to work
Experience with banking sector is welcome
Technical skills are welcome
Perks and benefits
Be in the middle of innovative payment technologies and delivering unique pioneering solutions within Raiffeisen Bank International Group in CEE. Develop your career and upgrade your potential within the RPC company.
Flexible home office and flexible working time
Extra days off: vacation plus, birthday day off and sick days
Multisport program
Sports facilities for employees: yoga, ice arena, mini futbal and volleyball
24/7 psychological helpline and sessions with professional counselors
Health care allowance
Development through internal and external trainings
Free coffee and tea at the workplace and regular fruit days
Office events, sports day, summer party and regular webinars
Cafeteria benefits system to choose benefit of your preference
Loyalty reward
Transportation allowance
Supplementary Pension plan contribution
Bike room and showers in the office
Who we are
Established in 2000 as a division of Tatra banka, RPC is a shared service centre of Raiffeisen Bank International (RBI).
In 2008, we evolved into a separate company, solidifying our position as a strategic hub for centralizing the group's card payment operations with specialization in card issuing, acquiring, fraud risk monitoring, and digital payments.
We bring fresh, innovative payment technologies across the European region, which guarantees our employees to be part of many exciting projects in multiple CEE countries.
Besides Tatra banka in Slovakia and UBB in Bulgaria, we are proud to have among our clients Raiffeisen banks from Austria, Albania, Czech Republic, Croatia, Romania, Hungary, Serbia, Ukraine, and Kosovo, which makes us one of the largest processing companies in the region.
Come be a part of RPC as we shape the future of payment technology! If you're passionate about innovation and want to join a collaborative and international team, we'd love to have you with us.
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Pavlina Laukova
E-mail:
send CV
APPLY FOR A JOB
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Make it happen
ID:
5214506
Dátum zverejnenia:
9.1.2026
2026-01-09
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
,
Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Raiffeisen Processing Centre (RPC)
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 300 EUR/month