Cloud Infrastructure Engineer
PRO Business Solutions s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP/per agreement
Wage (gross)
2 500 - 3 500 EUR/month
from 2.500 € + 13th salary. Salary can be adjusted higher considering the seniority of the applicant
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Design and manage hybrid cloud solutions integrating on-premises infrastructure with Azure services.
Implement virtualization and automation frameworks using Hyper-V, VMware, PowerShell, and Infrastructure as Code.
Administer and optimize Active Directory, Entra ID (Azure AD), and Microsoft 365 services (Exchange Online, SharePoint, Teams).
Ensure security best practices, disaster recovery, and business continuity across hybrid environments.
Lead infrastructure projects, develop standards, and provide expert troubleshooting for complex issues.
Employee perks, benefits
Team-oriented working atmosphere in an international Company,
Responsible challenge with diversified field of activity,
Personal development opportunities through own Academy,
Opportunity to gain an insight into various technical disciplines,
Modern infrastructure,
Attractive working place (central, good transport links),
Excellent employment conditions.
Information about the selection process
Thank you in advance for sending us your CV in English.
Every candidate will receive feedback from us regarding the possibility of attending a personal interview and the final outcome of the recruitment process.
You may send your CV even if you do not meet all the requirements, or if you have higher expectations, for example regarding salary. We also have other job opportunities available, and we may be able to offer you a suitable position now or in the future.
Do you know someone who might be interested in this opportunity? Feel free to refer them to us. For selected positions, we offer a referral bonus of 300 EUR in the form of gift vouchers. More information can be found on our website www.probs.sk
Expected date of completion of the selection process
12.2.2026
(there are still 30 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Other manufacturing
Our client is a leading provider of solutions in the industrial sector.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Computer Science, Information Technology, or equivalent experience
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
yes
Number of years of experience
1
Personality requirements and skills
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft server technologies and cloud services.
Strong expertise in virtualization technologies (Hyper-V, VMware) and proven experience with Azure cloud architecture and services.
Extensive knowledge of Active Directory and Entra ID administration.
Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate (required), Identity and Access Administrator Associate, Microsoft Certified: Information Protection. and Compliance Administrator Associate, ITIL Foundation certification (desirable).
Fluent in English is a muss and German language skills beneficial.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Spoločnosť PRO Business Solutions s.r.o. sa špecializuje na oblasť personálneho poradenstva a služieb. Spájame profesionálov z rôznych oblastí.
Vieme zastrešiť služby od výberu zamestnancov najmä formou Executive Search, Headhuntingu a Recruitmentu, cez rozvojové programy formou Development Center a Koučingu až po zisťovanie informácií o názoroch, postojoch, či motivácii zamestnancov formou prieskumov.
Medzi našich klientov patria veľké nadnárodné spoločnosti, ale aj menšie lokálne firmy.  Naše riešenia sú efektívne, komplexné a individuálne nastavené podľa vašich potrieb.
Sme profesionáli a vážime si váš čas.
Hodnoty ako úcta či rešpekt ku klientom sú pre nás samozrejmosťou.
Našou snahou je spoznať vaše reálne potreby a pomôcť vám ich naplniť.
Mária Harvaníková
PRO Business Solutions - Vaše riešenia
www.probs.sk
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
3-4 employees
Contact
Contact person: Peter Vyslúžil
Tel.:
+421949123440
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5214755
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.1.2026
2026-01-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Architect
,
IT Network Administrator
,
IT System Administrator
,
Systems Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
PRO Business Solutions s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month