VM WARE Expert
Enitech s. r. o.
Place of work
Vienna, Austria (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
asap
Wage (gross)
4 500 - 5 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
- Administration, operation, and further development of existing virtualization platforms
VMware vSphere (approx. 70%), XEN (approx. 30%), Proxmox VE
- Planning and execution of migrations, upgrades, and lifecycle processes (including VMware upgrades, migrations from KVM to VMware, to Nutanix, or Proxmox)
- Setup and operation of highly available virtualization and server environments (HA/DR setups, vSAN, cluster operation, enterprise monitoring such as CheckMK, Nagios, Icinga)
- Administration of Linux servers (Red Hat, CentOS, SLES, Ubuntu) Windows Server
- Scripting & Automation (Shell, PowerShell, Ansible)
- Performance analysis, troubleshooting, and error diagnosis
- Creation of system documentation and operational concepts
- Close collaboration with security, network, and application teams
- Support with IT security topics (hardened systems, ISO preparation)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Machinery industry
Machinery industry
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
German - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
- Several years of practical experience as a virtualization expert or system administrator
with a focus on VMware vSphere / ESXi, Proxmox, and XEN
- In-depth knowledge of Linux-based system environments (RHEL, SLES, Ubuntu)
- Experience operating complex data center infrastructures (multiple data centers, large host and VM environments)
- Knowledge of automation and configuration management: Ansible, Puppet, Kickstart
- Willingness to work primarily on-site
- High level of personal responsibility, solution-oriented approach, and teamwork skills
- Desire for a long-term commitment
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Enitech s.r.o., a member of the Dupres Group, was founded in 2010. We are an engineering firm providing services in the field of engineering and information technology.
The main activities of the company are IT consulting, outsourcing, information technology development and design services, targeting customers in the most dynamically developing sectors of the economy, such as automotive and aerospace, engineering, banking and telecommunications.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lucia Hollá
Tel.:
00421 905 540 764
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5214147
Dátum zverejnenia:
9.1.2026
2026-01-09
lokalita:
Austria
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Enitech s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 500 EUR/month