Database Administrator
Enitech s. r. o.
Place of work
Vienna, Austria (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
asap
Wage (gross)
4 500 - 5 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
- Administration and operation of PostgreSQL database clusters (including EDB environments) in production, test, and development environments.
- Implementation, maintenance, and monitoring of backup, restore, and recovery solutions.
- Performance tuning, troubleshooting, and debugging in enterprise environments.
- Configuration of PostgreSQL load balancing (e.g., HAProxy, PgBouncer).
- Monitoring of database systems, including error analysis and stability assurance.
- Installation and maintenance of database-related systems based on Linux (Red Hat, Ubuntu).
- Ensuring the availability, security, and stability of databases in collaboration with development and operations teams.
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Machinery industry
Machinery industry
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
German - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
- Several years of experience in the administration of PostgreSQL database clusters, preferably with EDB
- Database backup/recovery
- Database tuning in an enterprise environment, as well as troubleshooting and debugging
- PostgreSQL load balancing (HAProxy, Pgbouncer, etc.)
- Linux administration skills (Red Hat, Ubuntu)
- Team player
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Enitech s.r.o., a member of the Dupres Group, was founded in 2010. We are an engineering firm providing services in the field of engineering and information technology.
The main activities of the company are IT consulting, outsourcing, information technology development and design services, targeting customers in the most dynamically developing sectors of the economy, such as automotive and aerospace, engineering, banking and telecommunications.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lucia Hollá
Tel.:
00421 905 540 764
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5214003
Dátum zverejnenia:
9.1.2026
2026-01-09
lokalita:
Austria
Pozícia:
Database Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Enitech s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 500 EUR/month