Who we are
Company
Open Roles
19
Benefits
Early Talent
Back
Site Reliability Engineer
Place of work
Zbrojničná, Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Start date & Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Who is CAT Digital? What do we do?
Big machines require big thinking. Are you looking for your next big challenge?
Cat® Digital is the digital and technology arm of Caterpillar Inc., leveraging the latest technologies to build industry leading digital solutions for our customers and dealers. With over one million connected assets worldwide, our teams use data, technology, advanced analytics, telematics, and AI capabilities to help our customers build a better world.
Working with a Fortune 100 leader, you can build your career on a global scale and take advantage of development opportunities with emerging technologies. We’ve created an inclusive environment for you to explore your passions, make an impact and do the work that really matters. Join Us.
Job Opportunity:
We are seeking talented individuals to join our team to help us establish and grow our presence, organization, culture, which will drive our digital product development efforts. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies and collaborate with top professionals working on very high impact and visibility products. Don't miss this chance to join a newly forming presence and support digital innovation for a global leader in heavy machinery!
What will you do?
As a Site Reliability Engineer, you will provide support and problem resolution for specific products as well as:
Assist clients with implementing new products, new releases and software upgrades.
Respond to inquiries and requests from clients.
Train customers in product operation and maintenance.
Participate in analysis of client identified issues or problems which may require changes to software, procedures, or documentation.
Diagnose, troubleshoot and resolve common technical problems - escalate as per procedures.
Monitor and troubleshoot production to identify and resolve performance, scalability, and reliability issues proactively.
Participate in the on-call rotation to provide 24/7 support for eCommerce platform systems
Design, implement, and maintain automated processes and tools to streamline deployment and release processes.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define and document operational processes, best practices, and procedures.
Implement and maintain system monitoring tools and dashboards to provide real-time insights into system performance and identify potential issues.
Work closely with developers to identify and fix bugs and performance bottlenecks in the application code.
Ensure that systems and infrastructure comply with security, compliance, and regulatory requirements.
Continuously evaluate systems and processes to identify areas for improvement and implement changes as needed.
This position works directly with Slovakia based engineering leadership and Cat Digital IT in the US.
Employee perks, benefits
At Cat Digital, we are committed to fostering a culture of innovation and continuous learning, and we believe in investing in the development of our employees. As a member of our team, you will have access to a wide range of training and development opportunities, as well as very competitive compensation and benefits packages, like:
3 000+ euros / month gross
Performance related annual cash incentive
Industry leading Pension plan
5 days of extra vacation above the legislative requirement
Attractive Life insurance
1 volunteering day
Multisport Card
Take the chance to apply now for this position at Cat Digital Slovakia branch!
Information about the selection process
Please frequently check the email associated with your application, including the junk/spam folder, as this is the primary correspondence method. If you wish to know the status of your application – please use the candidate log-in on our career website as it will reflect any updates to your status.
Caterpillar is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws.
Caterpillar is committed to creating a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion, respect and integrity, customer focus, and innovation. For more information, visit https://www.caterpillar.com/en/careers/why-caterpillar.html
Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Software Reliability Management: Knowledge of software reliability management; ability to develop and use principles, methodologies and metrics that increase software product performance and reliability.
Performance Measurement and Tuning: Knowledge of system performance, testing and programming; ability to monitor, measure, and optimize system performance and network communication.
Technical Troubleshooting: Knowledge of technical troubleshooting approaches, tools and techniques; ability to anticipate, recognize, and resolve technical issues on hardware, software, application or operation.
Strong problem-solving skills and a strong attention to detail.
Communication skills and ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams.
Troubleshooting and critical thinking skills.
Eperience in site reliability engineering, DevOps, QA, or a related field.
Experience with AWS infrastructure and services.
Good understanding of Linux based operating systems
Knowlegde of with IaaC solutions like CloudFormation or Terraform.
Experience with CI/CD solutions - Github, Gitlab or Azure DevOps.
Experience and proficiency in one or more programming languages, such as Python (preferred), JavaScript (preferred).
Understanding of networking, load balancing, and web application architectures.
Some experience with containerization technologies, such as Docker and Kubernetes.
Top candidates will also have:
Experience with monitoring and alerting solutions such as Thousand Eyes, Grafana, AppDynamics, DataDog, Dynatrace, New Relic
Experience with QA testing principles and tools - SonarQube, Firebase, JMeter, K6, Selenium, Playwright, Lighthouse
Background in ITIL and/or ITSM process.
AWS certification
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Caterpillar
is a company of
builders
. Of
challenge breakers
. Of
innovators
who want to impact the world. Our people build and design the products and services that help
shape the communities
where we work and live.
We are building on our legacy and innovating for the next generation. One where
technology-enabled services
create improved outcomes for our people and the customers and communities we serve.
Our ability to innovate and build
begins with our people
. Our tech and digital teams are at the forefront of Caterpillar’s evolution – taking pride in
solving complex problems by building new systems
from the ground up.
On our team, you’ll
leverage data
from across our entire enterprise and
more than 1.5M connected assets
to solve problems and find solutions that open a new world of possibilities for our machines, our customers, our dealers and our business.
While the challenge is great, so is the opportunity. Working with a
Fortune 100 leader
, you can build your career
on a global scale
and take advantage of development opportunities with
emerging technologies
like telematics, data engineering, AI and machine learning, and predictive analytics.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Patricia Kundratova
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
If there is currently no open position suitable for you, please submit your e-mail address and preferences. If a new position (opened in the future) aligns with your qualifications and interests, you may be contacted about the opportunity.
Send CV
Poštová 18, 040 01 Košice
© 2025-2026 Caterpillar. All rights reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5214322
Dátum zverejnenia:
9.1.2026
2026-01-09
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Caterpillar Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month