Senior Network Engineer
Enitech s. r. o.
Place of work
Vienna, Austria (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
asap
Wage (gross)
4 500 - 5 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
- Planning, implementation, and management of infrastructure systems
- Monitoring, troubleshooting, and maintenance of infrastructure systems
- Creating system documentation, risk assessments, and report management
- Controlling and monitoring local, central, and network components
- Answering technical and procedural questions for less experienced team members
- Monitoring relevant parts of the infrastructure and the proper implementation of the strategy. This also includes developing any necessary small test tools (scripting) and integrating them into existing monitoring systems
- Evaluating and preparing for the deployment of new network technologies
- Supporting the implementation and operation of a network infrastructure for connecting multiple locations across Austria. This includes the configuration, monitoring, and troubleshooting of deployed network components (switches, routers, firewalls, WAN connections, etc.).
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Machinery industry
Machinery industry
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
German - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
- Necessary protocols in the context of operating a network infrastructure, such as... B. SSH, TFTP, SNMP, DNS, DHCP, HSRP, BGP, OSPF, ...
- Operation of a LAN and SAN infrastructure within a data center
- IT security
- Experience in handling and operating Linux-based systems
- Experience with Cisco technologies (Cisco IOS, ACI, ISE, ...) and automation solutions (e.g., Ansible, Cisco ACI)
- Knowledge of one or more scripting languages (Python, Perl, Bash)
- Willingness to document concepts in writing
- Willingness to pursue personal development
- Independent work ethic and commitment
- Strong analytical skills
- Team player
- Professional communication skills
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Enitech s.r.o., a member of the Dupres Group, was founded in 2010. We are an engineering firm providing services in the field of engineering and information technology.
The main activities of the company are IT consulting, outsourcing, information technology development and design services, targeting customers in the most dynamically developing sectors of the economy, such as automotive and aerospace, engineering, banking and telecommunications.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lucia Hollá
Tel.:
00421 905 540 764
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5214060
Dátum zverejnenia:
9.1.2026
2026-01-09
lokalita:
Austria
Pozícia:
IT Network Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Enitech s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 500 EUR/month