ri-rpc.sk
Leading provider
of innovative and
reliable card
services
About us
Transaction Switch Specialist - senior
Place of work
Námestie Mateja Korvína 1, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 700 EUR/month
minimum 2 700€ + fixed allowances twice a year + bonus (if you are more senior please, don´t hesitate to share your expectations. Final salary depends on candidates level of experiences and skills.)
About the role
Transaction switch is an application which facilitates card payments. It consists of services that provide an interface with external systems, internal logic and business logic. We are seeking a
Senior Application Specialist for Transaction switch
, who will be responsible for ensuring the reliability, performance, and continuous enhancement of this application.
In this position, you will take charge of analyzing release notes, deploying applications, and configuring them to meet standards and client requests. Your expertise will drive the analysis of application solutions based on business requirements, and you'll be instrumental in conducting root cause analyses and resolving complex issues. You'll collaborate closely with developers, analysts, and testers, ensuring seamless communication with third-party vendors and relevant business lines.
Working Tasks and Responsibilities:
S/he acts as the technical owner of the application.
Analyses release notes from third parties and vendors.
Deploys applications to the development and test environment (deployment), performs configuration according to internal requirements, defines monitoring rules.
Maintains application configuration in dedicated versioning tools.
Knows the entrusted applications and their technical details in detail, if necessary also domain functionalities.
Prepares release notes and installation instructions as part of the internal change management process.
Creates and maintains technical documentation.
Provides training to new colleagues, creates and improves relevant documentation.
Supports the deployment process (deployment process) in all environments.
Creates analysis of application solutions based on business requirements.
Performs L3 support for the entrusted application in all environments.
Participates in and supports selected internal and external projects.
Provides root cause analyses (root cause analyses), participates in problem / incident resolution (problem management).
Designs and implements application improvements, performance, maintenance, high availability modes and other operational models.
Specially designs, improves and accelerates the application deployment cycle (using devops techniques)
Collaborates with developers, analysts and testers within the team/ company and provides support to them through analysis, designing technical test scenarios, etc.
Ensures communication with third parties/vendors at infrastructure and application
Ensures communication with relevant business lines of the company.
What qualifications are important for this job
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
Logical and analytical thinking
Very good communication skills
Excellent time management, cooperation and prioritization skills
Ability to work independently
At least 3 years of experience in a similar position.
Perks and benefits
Flexible home office and flexible working time
Extra days off: vacation plus, birthday day off and sick days
Multisport program
Sports facilities for employees: yoga, ice arena, mini football and volleyball
24/7 psychological helpline and sessions with professional counselors
Health care allowance
Development through internal and external trainings
Free coffee and tea at the workplace and regular fruit days
Office events, sports day, summer party and regular webinars
Cafeteria benefits system to choose benefit of your preference
Loyalty reward
Transportation allowance
Supplementary Pension plan contribution
Bike room and showers in the office
Who we are
Established in 2000 as a division of Tatra banka, RPC is a shared service centre of Raiffeisen Bank International (RBI).
In 2008, we evolved into a separate company, solidifying our position as a strategic hub for centralizing the group's card payment operations with specialization in card issuing, acquiring, fraud risk monitoring, and digital payments.
We bring fresh, innovative payment technologies across the European region, which guarantees our employees to be part of many exciting projects in multiple CEE countries.
Besides Tatra banka in Slovakia and UBB in Bulgaria, we are proud to have among our clients Raiffeisen banks from Austria, Albania, Czech Republic, Croatia, Romania, Hungary, Serbia, Ukraine, and Kosovo, which makes us one of the largest processing companies in the region.
Come be a part of RPC as we shape the future of payment technology! If you're passionate about innovation and want to join a collaborative and international team, we'd love to have you with us.
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Pavlina Laukova
E-mail:
send CV
APPLY FOR A JOB
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Make it happen
ID:
5214275
Dátum zverejnenia:
9.1.2026
2026-01-09
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
,
Systems Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Raiffeisen Processing Centre (RPC)
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month