Sledujte nás:
Ponuka práce v Tesco Centrálnej kancelárii
.
IT End User Support - Part -time (20 hours/week)
Typ úväzku: part-time
Miesto výkonu práce: Zlaté Piesky, Ružinov
Ponúkaná odmena: 800 EUR/month
800 EUR gross/month plus employee card with which you can save up to 1100 EUR per year on purchases at Tesco
AKÁ BUDE VAŠA PRÁCA U NÁS:
Looking for a meaningful way to use your 2-3 free days per week or 4 hours daily? Join our team! We are looking for a IT End User Support Specialist for long-term cooperation at our Head Office on a part-time basis (20 hours/week)
WHAT THE JOB IS ABOUT:
Provide Level 1 and partial Level 2 end user support for Head office
Install and maintain hardware and software for Head office
Identify, diagnose, and resolve HW and SW issues, offer recommendations regarding HW and SW
Install software and ensure maintenance of new and existing applications
BEZ ČOHO SA NEZAOBÍDETE:
WHAT YOU WILL NEED:
Minimum secondary education (IT-related field preferred)
Previous experience in IT support or helpdesk role is an advantage
Strong knowledge of PC hardware/software, Windows OS, MS Office
Proficiency in Slovak and English (minimum B2 level)
Excellent problem-solving and communication skills
Ability to work collaboratively as a team player
PREČO U NÁS BUDETE RADI PRACOVAŤ?
WHY YOU WILL LIKE WORKING WITH US:
Employee Clubcard discount
From start of your employment you´ll receive 15% employee discount for purchases in Tesco and Tesco online.
Pension savings
Pension savings contribution up to 240 Eur p.a. (conditioned by 1y lenght of service).
Cafeteria
Flexible bonus system which offers to choose benefits based on own preference.
Loyalty bonus
We appreciate your loyalty and for each 5 worked-off years you´ll get bonus up to 530 EUR
EAP
Psychological, legal, financial consulting for free.
Clubcard coupons
Special 50Eur coupon for birth of child.
Back to school 22 EUR coupon for school supplies
Sport card
We support active lifestyle of our colleagues.
Refferal bonus
Referral bonus for our colleagues in amount of 220 EUR.
Time-off
We provide 25 days of vacation for all regardless of age. Similarly our colleagues can use time off in case of important life events (wedding, moving, accompanying of kid for 1st day of school).
Job flexibility
When scheduling work shifts we take into consideration your individual needs, family situation & health status.
Virtual GP (Doctor)
24/7 healthcare support for you and your family - available anywhere and anytime
Monthly gross salary: 800 EUR month/gross plus employee card with which you can save up to 1100 EUR per year on purchases at Tesco
O SPOLOČNOSTI:
Tesco is committed to celebrating diversity and everyone is welcome at Tesco.
As a Disability Confident Employer, we're committed to providing a fully inclusive and accessible recruitment process, allowing candidates the opportunity to thrive and inform us of any reasonable adjustments they may require.
In our stores, distribution centers and head office we have 74 % of female, 26% of males, 6% of colleagues with disability and 61% of colleagues who have caring responsibilities.
We have representatives of more than 40 different nationalities from 5 different continents working in our stores, DCs and offices. You will identify 7 different nations represented in our Leadership Team.
Tesco outh to be an attractive employer for everyone regardless of their age, gender, religion, or nationality.
We know life looks a little different for each of us. That´s why at Tesco, we always welcome chats about different flexible working options.
Some people are at the start of their careers, some want the freedom to do the things they love. Others are going through life-changing moments like becoming a carer, adapting to parenthood, or something else. So, talk to us throughout your application about how we can support. You will spend 60% of your week collaborating with colleagues at our office locations or local sites and the rest remotely.
More information can be found at: https://corporate.tesco.sk/
Received awards:
Najzamestnávateľ 2023 – 2nd place in the Trade and services category
Najdôveryhodnejšia značka 2023 – awards in the category E-grocery stores, Non-bank consumer loans, Food sellers, Private brands
Roma Spirit 2022 – winner in the category of Company and employer
Via Bona Slovakia 2023 – award in the category of Exceptional Employe
Späť
Poslať životopis
Sledujte nás:
ID:
5215842
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.1.2026
2026-01-12
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
TESCO STORES SR, a.s.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
800 EUR/month