Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior Data Scientist with German language
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose :
You will be part of an exciting and strategically important project: developing and managing a CTO Dashboard for the CTO Germany. This dashboard is directly commissioned by the CTO and receives the highest level of management attention. Using state-of-the-art visualization technologies in Power BI, you will create a tool that provides outstanding visual insights and data-driven decision support at the highest level.
What will you do?
Main Tasks:
Operate and maintain the CTO Dashboard in Power BI on an ongoing basis
Implement new requirements: develop and integrate metrics, data links, and automations
Build and maintain the data foundation, including interfaces to Excel, SQL databases, APIs, and cloud services
Handle ETL processes with Power Query (M language): importing, cleaning, and transforming data
Data modeling focusing on efficient, high-performance structures and star schema design
Define complex DAX calculations, time-intelligence functions, and advanced measures
Design interactive and clear dashboards and reports with a strong focus on data storytelling and usability
Manage the Power BI Service: share reports, manage workspaces and Row-Level Security (RLS), set up gateways
Ensure performance, data quality, security, and compliance throughout the reporting process
You will succeed if you:
Have solid experience building and operating Power BI dashboards
Are an expert in programming with Power Query (M) and DAX
Possess a deep understanding of data modeling and performance optimization
Approach tasks independently with high accuracy and quality awareness
Have strong analytical thinking and a passion for data visualization
Communicate effectively and translate management requirements into technical solutions
Are experienced working with various data sources (Excel, SQL, APIs, Cloud) and in ETL processes
Show curiosity and openness to new technologies in the BI landscape
Have experience with Oracle APEX, it is considered an advantage.
Speak
German (min. B2 is a must)
and English fluently.
Join us in shaping the data-driven future of the CTO domain in Germany – be part of this pioneering project!
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 3 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Možná
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5215530
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.1.2026
2026-01-12
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 100 EUR/month