About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Project Manager and Operations Specialist (80%100%
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 400 - 4 100 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between EUR 2,400 and EUR 4,100 per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers:​

the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, ​
the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience.​
In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits.​

Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are the largest data science and AI team at Swiss Re, and we’re seeking a new colleague to help scale and operationalize data science & AI capabilities across the organization. This role sits at the intersection of delivery, operational excellence, project coordination, and stakeholder engagement.
About the Role
We are seeking a proactive operations specialist and project manager to help scale and operationalize AI capabilities across the organization. This role sits at the intersection of AI delivery, operational excellence, project coordination, and stakeholder engagement. You will be ensuring that processes, tools, communications, and collaboration run smoothly and efficiently to support Swiss Re’s strategic AI agenda. This is a fixed-term position to cover maternity leave.
Key Responsibilities
Manage projects including delivery and staffing boards, coordinating weekly/bi-weekly status updates, and facilitating progress tracking and reporting
Support Project Leads by enabling fast operations, governance, and stakeholder engagement
Coordinate and prepare trainings, knowledge sharing events and communications such as articles, show-and-tells, conferences and project spotlights across our portfolio
Organize and facilitate cross-functional meetings, from weekly syncs to large ad hoc gatherings with 20+ participants
Drive continuous improvement of analytics operations and team processes through structured approach and best practices
Serve as point of contact for training, knowledge sharing, reporting, onboarding, and governance-related guidance across our teams
Track AI tools adoption across portfolio to enable business impact measurement
About the Team
We are the largest data science team at Swiss Re, working at the forefront of AI implementation across the organization. You'll be working alongside highly skilled data scientists, AI engineers, and product teams to support the end-to-end enablement and governance of AI use cases globally. We seek help with ensuring that processes, tools, communications, and collaboration run smoothly and efficiently to support Swiss Re's strategic AI agenda.
Employee perks, benefits
You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
You thrive in an enabling role where you empower teams to succeed. You're organized, detail-oriented, and comfortable engaging stakeholders. You take pride in making complex initiatives run smoothly through communication, coordination, and operational excellence. While you are not coding AI models yourself, your contribution ensures those models get delivered, governed, and adopted successfully.
We need you to bring in the following:
-Strong organizational and project coordination skills with demonstrated experience in managing complex initiatives
-Excellent communication skills with ability to engage effectively with both technical and business stakeholders
-Familiarity with collaboration and project management tools such as Azure DevOps, Confluence and MS Office
Nice to have
-Experience supporting technical teams or programs, ideally in data science or data engineering
If you don't have some of those but are eager to learn them, get in contact with us.
Thank you for taking the time to read our job advertisement. We look forward to getting to know you!
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Lucia Vargova
Apply here
ID:
5215599
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.1.2026
2026-01-12
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
,
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 400 EUR/month