Founding Engineer / Scientist
MediSearch
Place of work
SKY PARK Offices, Bottova, Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
4 500 - 6 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are hiring for a founding member of the team at MediSearch. This is an exciting opportunity to work on improving a state-of-the-art medical question-answering system.
We will also consider people with no job experience. We require that you work at least 50% of your time in-person in Bratislava, Slovakia.
Company Description
MediSearch (YC S23) is a search engine for medical information. We provide direct answers to medical questions based on trustworthy sources using LLMs.
Role Description
This is a full-time role for a Python developer at MediSearch. The role includes working on the cutting edge of medical question-answering. The main responsibility will be improving the core capabilities of MediSearch on various benchmarks and based on user data.
The role will also include work on the MediSearch API. In particular, implementing new features for the MediSearch API and managing API deployments for various customers.
This is an in-person role, based in Bratislava, Slovakia, with some flexibility for remote work, but will require significant on-site involvement.
Qualifications
Proficiency in Python
Proficiency with ML frameworks, LLMs, embeddings, vector databases
Experience with evaluating ML systems on benchmarks
Strong motivation for working on challenging problems and in high-paced environments
Experience in training and finetuning LLMs is a plus, but not a requirement
Basic frontend experience is a plus but not a requirement. Preferably in Typescript + NextJS.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Primary education
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
MediSearch is an AI search engine for medical information. We provide direct answers to medical questions based on trustworthy sources using LLMs. See https://medisearch.io.
Contact
Contact person: Eduard Oravkin
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5215971
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.1.2026
2026-01-12
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
MediSearch
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 500 EUR/month