DevOps Engineer with Python
GoodWill Recruitment, s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 300 - 3 000 EUR/month
The salary amount depends on the candidate's experience and seniority. Each candidate is assessed individually.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a Engineer with strong Python and DevOps experience to join a development team. The role focuses on building, operating, and maintaining monitoring, logging, and cloud-native infrastructure with an emphasis on reliability, automation, and observability.
Develop and maintain automation and tooling using Python and Bash
Operate and optimize monitoring and observability platforms (Prometheus, Grafana, CheckMK, Elastic stack)
Manage and support containerized environments using Kubernetes and Helm
Work with identity and access management solutions (CloudIDP)
Troubleshoot and maintain Linux-based systems
Collaborate with development and operations teams to ensure high availability and performance
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
An international software development company.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Information Technology
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Must-have skills:
Experience with Python and Linux
Knowledge of Kubernetes and Helm
Hands-on experience with monitoring and logging tools:
Elastic Stack
CheckMK
Prometheus
Grafana
Experience with Cloud Identity Providers (CloudIDP)
Scripting with Bash
Understanding of DevOps principles and CI/CD workflows
Nice-to-have:
Experience with Elasticsearch Index Lifecycle Management (ILM)
Knowledge of index mapping and performance tuning
Experience with Kibana and Logstash
Familiarity with OpenShift
Experience with large-scale enterprise environments and high-availability systems
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Sme GoodWill Recruitment - Vaši kariérni inovátori. Ak chcete zmenu a máte chuť napredovať, pozrieme sa s vami na to, aké možnosti máte vo svojom segmente a zistíme, akú výzvu vám vieme ponúknuť. Vyhľadávame špecialistov v oblasti výroby, vývoja, logistiky, elektrotechniky, informačných technológií, financií či ľudských zdrojov. Môžeme sľúbiť osobný prístup, férovosť a čestnosť. Sme Goodwill Recruitment - spájame správnych ľudí so správnymi firmami.
Vážime si váš prejavený záujem a ďakujeme za zaslanie životopisu. Kontaktovať budeme kandidátov, ktorí spĺňajú požiadavky na danú pozíciu.
Contact
Contact person: Ján Hajnik
Tel.:
+421948614486
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5215878
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.1.2026
2026-01-12
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
DevOps Engineer
,
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
,
Systems Administrator
Spoločnosť:
GoodWill Recruitment, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 300 EUR/month