Power BI Developer
PRO Business Solutions s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP/per agreement
Wage (gross)
3 000 - 6 000 EUR/month
from 3.000 -6.000 € gross. Salary can be adjusted higher considering the seniority of the applicant
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
HomeOffice with occasional travel/ hybrid- Ideally, access to one of the physical offices in the CEE region combined with occasional travel.
Key responsibilities:
Create and maintain new BI visualisations that address business needs in intuitive and innovative ways, using Microsoft Power BI
Excellent understanding of DAX expressions
Power BI best practice
Manage BI Developments directly with the customer, from analysis through to build
Support, maintain and enhance the analytical and reporting infrastructure
Enhance the Data Warehouse data model to incorporate additional analytical use cases
Have a deep understanding of the data model, and how that relates to the business processes across the Group
Key outcomes within the first 12 months:
Integrate fully with the team, adding your experience and expertise
Be instrumental in the rollout of Power BI with Microsoft Fabric across the group
Outcomes for beyond 12 months:
Continue to develop within the role, and be instrumental in the retirement of other third-party reporting platforms across the group
Employee perks, benefits
above-standard financial compensation,
modern work benefits such as flexible hours and home office,
a wide range of additional perks.
HomeOffice/ hybrid- Ideally, access to one of the physical offices in the CEE region, combined with occasional travel, mostly to London.
Information about the selection process
Thank you in advance for sending your CV in English.
Every candidate will receive a response regarding the possibility of attending a personal interview and the outcome of the selection process.
You are welcome to send us your CV even if you do not meet all the requirements or, on the contrary, if you have higher expectations, such as regarding salary. We also have other job openings and may be able to offer you a suitable opportunity now or in the future.
Do you know someone who might be interested in this job opportunity? Feel free to recommend them to us. For selected job openings, we offer a referral reward of up to 300 EUR in gift vouchers. More information is available on our website: www.probs.sk
Expected date of completion of the selection process
12.2.2026
(there are still 30 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Manufacture of food products, beverages and tobacco products
Our client is a global sales and production company.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Power Bi - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
Yes
Number of years of experience
1
Personality requirements and skills
Significant experience developing visualisations in Power BI, that address business needs in intuitive and innovative ways
Experience developing and understanding complex data models, including source ERP data models across multiple ERPs
Experience working with complex ETL processes (IFS, SAP ECC, S/4 HANA ).- is an advantage
A good understanding of SQL Warehouses and good T-SQL skills.
A collaborative spirit and the ability to communicate complex ideas effectively to business stakeholders
Excellent interpersonal skills, verbal and written communication skills when working with both business and technical teams
Familiarity with agile methodologies and experience working in agile development teams.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams and senior stakeholders
Analytical mindset and problem-solving abilities to translate business requirements into actionable user stories and backlog items
Strong organisational and prioritisation skills to manage multiple initiatives and deliverables simultaneously
Fluent written and spoken English
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Spoločnosť PRO Business Solutions s.r.o. sa špecializuje na oblasť personálneho poradenstva a služieb. Spájame profesionálov z rôznych oblastí.
Vieme zastrešiť služby od výberu zamestnancov najmä formou Executive Search, Headhuntingu a Recruitmentu, cez rozvojové programy formou Development Center a Koučingu až po zisťovanie informácií o názoroch, postojoch, či motivácii zamestnancov formou prieskumov.
Medzi našich klientov patria veľké nadnárodné spoločnosti, ale aj menšie lokálne firmy.  Naše riešenia sú efektívne, komplexné a individuálne nastavené podľa vašich potrieb.
Sme profesionáli a vážime si váš čas.
Hodnoty ako úcta či rešpekt ku klientom sú pre nás samozrejmosťou.
Našou snahou je spoznať vaše reálne potreby a pomôcť vám ich naplniť.
Mária Harvaníková
PRO Business Solutions - Vaše riešenia
www.probs.sk
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
3-4 employees
Contact
Contact person: Peter Vyslúžil
Tel.:
+421949123440
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5215988
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.1.2026
2026-01-12
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
IT Architect
,
IT Consultant
,
IT Director
,
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
PRO Business Solutions s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month