Sledujte nás:
Príležitosti pre mladých
.
IT End User Support – part-time job for University students (20 hours/ week)
Typ úväzku: agreement-based (Temporary jobs)
Miesto výkonu práce: Zlaté Piesky, Ružinov
Ponúkaná odmena: 8,5 EUR/hour
AKÁ BUDE VAŠA PRÁCA U NÁS:
Are you a university student and have 2-3 free days a week or can work 4 hours daily during the week?
If you want to gain hands-on IT experience and earn extra income at the same time, join us! We are looking for a colleague for long-term cooperation in IT support for our Head office.
WHAT THE JOB IS ABOUT:
Provide Level 1 and partial Level 2 end user support for Head office
Install and maintain hardware and software for Head office
Identify, diagnose, and resolve HW and SW issues, offer recommendations regarding HW and SW
Install software and ensure maintenance of new and existing applications
BEZ ČOHO SA NEZAOBÍDETE:
WHAT YOU WILL NEED:
University student (IT-related field preferred)
Previous experience in IT support or helpdesk role is an advantage
Strong knowledge of PC hardware/software, Windows OS, MS Office
Proficiency in Slovak and English (minimum B2 level)
Excellent problem-solving and communication skills
Ability to work collaboratively as a team player
PREČO U NÁS BUDETE RADI PRACOVAŤ?
WHY YOU WILL LIKE WORKING WITH US:
Modern and friendly working environment
Experience in an international company Flexibility
Gross hourly rate: 8.50 EUR
O SPOLOČNOSTI:
Tesco is committed to celebrating diversity and everyone is welcome at Tesco.
As a Disability Confident Employer, we're committed to providing a fully inclusive and accessible recruitment process, allowing candidates the opportunity to thrive and inform us of any reasonable adjustments they may require.
In our stores, distribution centers and head office we have 74 % of female, 26% of males, 6% of colleagues with disability and 61% of colleagues who have caring responsibilities.
We have representatives of more than 40 different nationalities from 5 different continents working in our stores, DCs and offices. You will identify 7 different nations represented in our Leadership Team.
Tesco outh to be an attractive employer for everyone regardless of their age, gender, religion, or nationality.
We know life looks a little different for each of us. That´s why at Tesco, we always welcome chats about different flexible working options.
Some people are at the start of their careers, some want the freedom to do the things they love. Others are going through life-changing moments like becoming a carer, adapting to parenthood, or something else. So, talk to us throughout your application about how we can support. You will spend 60% of your week collaborating with colleagues at our office locations or local sites and the rest remotely.
More information can be found at: https://corporate.tesco.sk/
Received awards:
Najzamestnávateľ 2023 – 2nd place in the Trade and services category
Najdôveryhodnejšia značka 2023 – awards in the category E-grocery stores, Non-bank consumer loans, Food sellers, Private brands
Roma Spirit 2022 – winner in the category of Company and employer
Via Bona Slovakia 2023 – award in the category of Exceptional Employe
Späť
Poslať životopis
Sledujte nás:
ID:
5215832
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.1.2026
2026-01-12
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
TESCO STORES SR, a.s.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
8,5 EUR/hour