Lenovo Slovakia
Benefits
Jobs
Contact us
Assurance & Activation Manager - Maternity backfill
What do you need to succeed in this opportunity
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
What will you do
The Assurance & Activation Manager is responsible for ensuring timely and accurate support for all customer announcements, activations, and updates, enabling seamless product ordering and compliance with end-to-end SLA requirements. This position involves managing the activation of new customers in internal databases, maintaining customer profiles, and collaborating with cross-functional teams.
This is maternity backfill position.
Key Responsibilities
- Ensure all customer announcements, activations, and CMR changes are executed on time with 100% data accuracy, meeting SLA requirements.
- Manage the full activation of new customers in internal databases to enable seamless product ordering.
- Maintain and update customer profiles, ensuring data integrity and compliance across all internal systems.
- Set up and manage exceptional processes, including cross-border orders and unique customer requirements.
- Collaborate with Sales, Finance, Global Logistics, and other internal teams to align processes and drive operational efficiency.
- Develop a deep understanding of process complexities and their impact on customer orders and Lenovo departments.
- Identify gaps in existing processes, proactively seek solutions, and guide the team toward continuous improvement.
- Lead or actively participate in process improvement initiatives to optimize workflows and increase efficiency.
Position Requirements
- Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Business Administration, Supply Chain, or a related field.
- 3+ years of experience in Customer Fulfillment or Sales Support
- Proficiency with MS Dynamics 365, LI CRM, SAP, and other internal systems.
- Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English
- Strong analytical skills, with the ability to use data to drive decisions and improvements.
- Project management experience, with the ability to coordinate multiple priorities.
- Creative problem-solving skills and a proactive approach to addressing challenges.
- High attention to detail, adaptability, and a positive attitude in a fast-paced, customer-focused environment.
Other information
Place of work:
Landererova, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Salary offer (gross):
From 1 950 EUR/month
Base gross monthly salary from 1950 EUR , depending on experience + variable part % of your annual earnings
Contract type:
full-time
What we offer
Healthcare and well-being
Development
Work - life balance
Bonus system
Community life (CSR)
About Lenovo
Lenovo is a company in a constant state of
creation.
Here, you'll
architect
your own career,
pioneer
new ideas and
master
new skills.
Lenovo Slovakia employs more than
25 nationalities
and
is the biggest shared service center in Lenovo Group.
Our people share a common aspiration to
be the very best.
Whether
serving
our customers,
working
together as a team or
contributing
to the community, we are working to build
unique company.
APPLY
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5215315
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.1.2026
2026-01-12
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Customer Support Specialist
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Sales Representative
Spoločnosť:
Lenovo (Slovakia) s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 950 EUR/month