Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
ICT Administrator II
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 150 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
Main purpose of your job as ICT administrator is to independently check, execute, solve (where appropriate) and create tickets (problem ticket, change management ticket, incident, delivery order (DO)) in order to maintain service to customers according to given quality KPIs and internal processes (INM, CHM, PRM, DOM). You will do so on 2nd level environment.
This position also involves on-call duty.
Team description
DT Technik team is proud of the system of cooperation and communication we have developed over the years. Transparency and flexibility are appreciated by all teams, we can freely communicate ideas or suggestions.  We are professional, friendly and flexible, very communicative and always responsive no matter what question or problem. We are great team players and make it easy to work on challenging projects and tasks and complete them successfully.
What will you do?
Your job will be installation and operation of Linux based systems (Red Hat, Suse and similar) based on customer and operational needs.
You will create, change, and delete user accounts.
Perform bug fixing, maintenance, SW installation and configuration, server patching.
You will investigate the root cause of incidents and initiate actions to improve or correct the situation.
Execute project and other deliverables in order to fulfil KPIs and management requests.
Follow the defined escalation standards in case of deviations.
Participate on regular and/or irregular communication with colleagues in an international environment to ensure operational goals.
You will succeed if you:
Speak English at least on upper intermediate (B2) level. German language is an advantage.
Have professional experience of 1-2 years with administration of Linux/Unix OS.
Have advanced knowledge in IT/PC literacy, intermediate knowledge and overview in HS/SW and core platform knowledge.
Are advanced at soft skills such as analytical thinking, team cooperation and communication, training and mentoring and presentation skills.
Are preferably being used to work according to ITIL-processes (change, problem, incident) and configuration management.
Have basic knowledge of networking and storage.
Possible specialisation
Participation on on-call duties, independent solving and troubleshooting of incidents and errors within defined expertise.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 150 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Možná
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5215566
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.1.2026
2026-01-12
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 150 EUR/month