We care deeply about the impact we make.
What impact do you want your career to make?
Business Consultant - Strategy & Consulting
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
POSITION
DESCRIPTION
Are you a forward-thinking, analytical, and tech-savvy professional eager to deepen your impact in consulting, strategy, and tech-driven business? Join our Strategy & Consulting team as a Business Consultant and contribute to multinational, large-scale transformation programs for clients across industries such as Telecommunications, Financial Services, Utilities, and EU Institutions.
We work very closely with our clients to support them in making data-driven decisions that move their business forward. We focus on developing and delivering leading solutions while leveraging our strong connections across Accenture’s European and global practices. This role is designed for professionals with prior consulting or relevant industry experience who are eager to further develop their expertise in business consulting, take on greater responsibility within project teams, and accelerate their career growth through exposure to a wide range of projects across Europe. You will work alongside our professionals, helping clients address complex business challenges, identify growth opportunities, and optimize their technology utilization – including emerging AI solutions.
WHAT WILL
YOU DO
Provide strategic advisory to large and renowned companies, identifying and driving initiatives that help improve performance and achieve strategic objectives.
Lead transformative projects across diverse industries, guiding clients through complex strategic decisions, organizational redesigns, and change management efforts.
Analyze business processes and data to support the design of solutions in areas such as customer relationship management, supply chain management, or finance.
Focus on Systems Integration Consulting, which connects and aligns the client company’s processes with information technologies and software applications.
Independently manage workstreams or defined topics, taking full ownership and accountability for assigned responsibilities and/or deliverables within project teams.
Work closely with client stakeholders and internal teams to align on priorities, drive decisions, and ensure successful project delivery.
WHAT WE
EXPECT
University degree (Bc., Mgr., MBA, Ing. or equivalent).
3-5 years of experience in consulting or a relevant industry role.
Advanced English (B2+) and fluent Slovak (C1+).
Advanced proficiency in MS Office (PowerPoint and Excel).
Ability to think out of the box and offer unique perspectives to the client.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills & the ability to structure business problems and derive insights from data.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills & the ability to convey complex and technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders in a clear and concise manner.
Experience working in teams in dynamic environments.
Proven leadership and coordination skills.
Desire to work on a variety of strategic and operational projects focused on addressing the business requirements of the client.
High degree of ownership, reliability, and independence.
Willingness to meet client travel requirements when applicable.
Bonus points if you have:
1-2 years of experience working with SAP systems (procurement, financial controlling, sales and distribution, or other relevant areas, with a focus on practical usage rather than technical expertise).
Prior experience in consulting or relevant industries such as Communications, Media, Technology, Utilities, or Resources is highly valued.
Advanced German (B2+)
WHAT WE
OFFER
Salary
2 800 EUR/month
Accenture offers a competitive compensation package. As required by the Slovak law we state that the legal monthly minimum gross base pay starting from 2 800 € depending on your professional and personal qualifications in the required areas.
Flexibility:
• Flexible working arrangements (time & place of work)
Recognition:
• Guaranteed paid overtime or overtime vacation
• Flexible Benefit System - budget to be spent on services of your choice
• Competitive bonus structure
• Refer-a-Friend – get a bonus in the employee referral program
• Loyalty rewards
Future:
• Wide range of trainings and expert lectures
• Regular performance review and career growth possibilities
• Ongoing career guidance and mentoring (Global Mentoring Program, Lean In)
• Employee share purchase plan
Family & Health:
• 3 extra days off
• Sick leave salary compensation (up to 100%)
• Home-office equipment
• Family oriented benefits (Wedding, Parental and Baby days-off and bonuses)
• Employee assistance services (professional psychological, financial and legal help)
• Multisport card
• Contribution to special vision correction appliances
• Life and disability group insurance
• Sport vouchers for children’s sport activities and children camps
Interested?
Apply for this job
Similar career opportunities at Accenture
Business Analyst - Strategy & Consulting
© 2020 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5216957
Dátum zverejnenia:
14.1.2026
2026-01-14
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Consultant
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
Accenture, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month