Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia
O nás
Voľné pozície
Firemná kultúra
Benefity
Kontakt
Technical
AI SERVICES - Senior Frontend Developer Bratislava
We are a small team in a big company, adopting agile methodology. We provide Data Science solutions for internal customers inside Deutsche Telekom and our skills and solutions are continually in high demand. Therefore, we want to increase the size of our team with additional technical people that know how to visualize data so we can serve and satisfy the needs of even more customers.
We are seeking a passionate Senior Frontend Developer with a keen interest in the intersection of web development and artificial intelligence (AI)/machine learning (ML) to join our dynamic team. This is an opportunity to work on a variety of internal AI/ML applications, dashboards, and our proprietary libraries.
Apply and find out more about us and our Digi department! We would like to welcome you on board as soon as possible, so take your chance and apply!
Contract type
full-time
Place of work
Košice, Slovak Republic
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/month
About
the position
Which challenges you can expect:
Collaborate with our development team to design, develop, and optimize user interfaces for our internal applications.
Lead and mentor junior colleagues in terms of best practices, code quality and architecture
Interact with customers in specifying features, functionality of web applications
Present your results in front of colleagues and customers
Translate UI/UX designs to actual code, ensuring visual appeal and user-friendliness.
Work with AI/ML engineers to visualize complex data and insights.
Participate in code reviews, offering constructive feedback and learning from senior developers.
Assist in developing and maintaining our internal libraries to ensure code consistency and reusability.
Attend regular team meetings, providing updates and seeking guidance as needed.
Key Responsibilities:
Design, develop, and maintain robust and scalable frontend applications using JavaScript, React, and Next.js.
Plan and execute the implementation of our UI components library in collaboration with junior and medior colleagues in the team
Implement best practices for code quality, performance optimization, and maintainability and coach our junior colleagues in adhering those
Implement responsive web design principles to ensure applications work well in various browsers and OS (incl. iOS, Android)
Troubleshoot and debug issues to ensure a smooth user experience
Collaborate with Python backend developers to integrate REST APIs with frontend components
Conduct and oversee code reviews and contribute to team best practices
Debug and troubleshoot issues to improve application performance and usability
Assist in the development of project documentation and user guides
Stay up-to-date with the latest trends such as advancements in frontend development and share your knowledge with your team mates
We work in a HYBRID STYLE of working with an unlimited home office, but twice a week we meet in the office for meetings.
The published salary is the minimum possible offer.
The starting salary may be higher depending on the extent of fulfillment of the employee's requirements (education, language skills, required practice, personality assumptions and skills).
What
we expect
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field (or equivalent work experience)
Proficiency in JavaScript and experience with other programming languages
Strong understanding of RESTful APIs and experience integrating them into web applications
State-of-the-art coding practices using git and code reviews of merge requests
Experience with developing and maintaining microservice architectures is beneficial
Experience and understanding of CI/CD, Docker and Kubernetes is a plus
Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail
Strong communication and collaboration skills to work effectively within a team
Benefits
that make you happy
Annual bonus
Fully paid meal vouchers
Phone also for private use
Discounts for selected Telekom products
Supplementary pension saving contribution
Cafeteria system of benefits/Multisport card
Sick days
Sports club & Health days
Teambuildings, summer & Christmas party
Opportunities for career growth
Referral program
Flexible working time
About
the selection process
We are dedicated to constantly promoting equal employment opportunities and are ready to make reasonable adjustments for applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in our job opportunity and meet our job requirements for this position, we encourage you to confidentially notify us if you need specific accommodations to ensure your full participation in our recruitment process at recruitment@telekom.com.
Snažíme sa neustále podporovať rovnaké príležitosti v zamestnaní a sme pripravení urobiť primerané úpravy pre uchádzačov so zdravotným postihnutím. Ak máte záujem o túto pracovnú príležitosť a spĺňate požiadavky inzerovaného pracovného miesta, odporúčame vám, aby ste nám dôverne oznámili, ak potrebujete osobitné úpravy, ktoré vám zabezpečia plnohodnotnú účasť na našom náborovom procese na recruitment@telekom.com.
Send CV
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5216376
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.1.2026
2026-01-13
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Java Programmer
,
Javascript Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month