O nás
Voľné pozície
Benefity
EN
SK
Staň sa súčasťou tímu vizionárov
Vytvárajme spolu budúcnosť kybernetickej bezpečnosti
späť na voľné pracovné miesta
System Support Engineer for ERP systems
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
The final basic wage component can be adjusted accordingly to individual skills and experience of the selected candidate.
Performance bonus 2 times per year up to 10% of the basic salary paid for the evaluation period (usually 6 months)
Contract type
full-time
The Systems Support Engineer is responsible for managing and resolving technical support requests escalated to the engineering team.
This includes overseeing the full lifecycle of each ticket — from intake and analysis to issue reproduction, resolution, or escalation.
The role involves providing expert guidance to internal users, maintaining clear documentation of solutions and procedures, and contributing to continuous improvement of support processes and system reliability.
Main responsibilities:
Manage and resolve assigned tickets. Be responsible for the full lifecycle of the request during its solving and provide prompt and correct feedback.
Provide problem analysis, reproduce errors, identify possible solutions and suggest improvements for internal system developers.
Solve support tasks independently – configure the systems, maintain the data and provide guidance to the customers.
Follow and evaluate SLA for support tickets.
Document solutions, procedures, and known issues to support knowledge sharing and future troubleshooting.
Prepare accurate and up-to-date reports on ticket processing status and issues.
Establish and maintain standards for escalating problems to competent internal teams.
Contribute to continuous improvement of support processes, tools, and system reliability.
Coordinate communication and prioritization during urgent or high-impact incidents.
Plan and coordinate the work of colleagues in accordance with superior's instructions, be responsible for the performance of the tasks entrusted to it in accordance with established procedures and processes and prioritize tasks of colleagues in order to meet established objectives and achieve required results.
Carry out other work according to the instructions of a managing employee in accordance with the activity of the department and the company.
Our Requirements:
Bachelor‘s degree in University
3 years of relevant experience in technical support
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Attention to detail.
Experience with ticketing systems and documentation tools.
Ability to work independently and collaboratively across teams.
Good communication and coordination abilities.
Familiarity with system configuration and data maintenance.
English B2
Kontaktná osoba
Veronika Jakubcova
Poslať životopis
BENEFITY PRE TEBA
Flexibilita
Firemné podujatia
Benefity pre celú rodinu
Šport a zdravie Wellbeing
A ešte viac…
O ESETe
Spoločnosť ESET je globálnym lídrom v oblasti digitálnej bezpečnosti a je jedným z najväčších dodávateľov bezpečnostných riešení v Európskej únii. Zároveň je najväčšou a najoceňovanejšou IT firmou na Slovensku.
Už viac ako 30 rokov vyvíjame popredný softvér a služby zamerané na IT bezpečnosť a ochranu podnikov, kritickej infraštruktúry a domácností z celého sveta
Okrem vytvárania bezpečnostných riešení pre zákazníkov je našim cieľom aj aktívne prispievať k inovatívnej a zodpovednej spoločnosti v oblasti
vzdelávania
,
vedy
a
výskumu
.
V ESETe sú diverzita, rovnosť a inklúzia (DEI) neoddeliteľnou súčasťou firemnej kultúry. Sme hrdým signatárom a ambasádorom
Charty diverzity
. Snažíme sa vytvárať pracovné
prostredie
, kde sa každý cíti cenený a rešpektovaný. S otvorenosťou vítame záujem jednotlivcov zo všetkých prostredí -  vrátane rasy, pohlavia, veku, náboženstva, zdravotného znevýhodnenia, či sexuálnej orientácie.
Viac sa o nás dozviete na
našej stránke
.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5216610
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.1.2026
2026-01-13
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Helpdesk Operator
,
IT Analyst
,
IT System Administrator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Systems Administrator
Spoločnosť:
ESET, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month