QA Automation Engineer (python)
Moxymind s. r. o.
Miesto práce
Práca z domu
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Termín nástupu
ASAP
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
2 700 EUR/mesiac
Informácie o pracovnom mieste
Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednosti
Moxymind's vision is to create the best place to work for smart and talented people. We founded Moxymind in 2014 with the goal of making software better. We believe in innovation and progress. Better software, better world.
We are now looking for an experienced QA Automation Engineer to work on long term projects within the Moxymind portfolio. The role would suit a proactive individual with good technical knowledge in python, either in  web or mobile testing.
As a QA you will:
Become  a member of the Agile SCRUM team, you'll collaborate with both front-end and back-end teams, ensuring successful project delivery and process optimization.
Design, develop, and maintain automated test scripts using Python
Build and improve test automation frameworks
Automate functional, regression, and integration tests
Work on either web applications or mobile applications using Appium
​
You should have:
Minimum 3 years of experience in automated testing ideally 2 years of experience working with Python
Experience working with Wiremock or Proxyman beneficial
Can do attitude and willingness to learn quickly
Experience in working in agile environments
Experience with API testing tools
English at least on B2 level - as a main language for the project
Zamestnanecké výhody, benefity
​
Flexible working hours & ability to work remote (hybrid way of working)
Budget for education
Budget for HW accessories
Multisport card
English lessons
​
Požiadavky na zamestnanca
Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelaním
stredoškolské s maturitou
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
Inzerujúca spoločnosť
Stručná charakteristika spoločnosti
Moxymind's vision is to create the best place to work for smart and talented people. We founded Moxymind in 2014 with the goal of making software testing better. We believe in innovation and progress. Better software, better world.
Počet zamestnancov
25-49 zamestnancov
Kontakt
Kontaktná osoba: Zuzana Skotnická
E-mail:
poslať životopis
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5216224
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.1.2026
2026-01-13
lokalita:
Práca z domu
Pozícia:
IT tester
Spoločnosť:
Moxymind s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/mesiac