ServiceNow System Administrator
Unomedical s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
1 600 EUR/month
Minimum 1600€ / monthly (depending on experiences and quality of the candidate) + annual global incentive plan-bonus and other benefits in compliance with social benefit program of the company.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the role
The ServiceNow Administrator is responsible for operation, education, and maintenance of the ServiceNow platform. This includes partnering with stakeholders to develop workflows, perform needs assessments, assist in solution development, and influence organizational change. The ServiceNow Administrator utilizes their knowledge of administrative operations to enhance the value provided by ServiceNow.
Key responsibilities and authority
Configure, maintain and      administer the ServiceNow instance.
Develop and/or maintain      ServiceNow workflows, forms, reports, and integrations.
Collaborate with various teams      to identify and implement ServiceNow enhancements and improvements.
Perform regular ServiceNow      updates and patches.
Monitor ServiceNow performance      and make necessary adjustments to optimize performance.
Provide support and      troubleshooting assistance to ServiceNow users.
Participate in ServiceNow      projects as needed.
Create and maintain      documentation of ServiceNow processes and procedures.
Train new and existing      ServiceNow users on the platform.
Stay up-to-date on new      ServiceNow releases and functionality.
Key requirements
Experience administering and      configuring ServiceNow.
Knowledge of IT Service      Management (ITSM) best practices and processes.
Some degree o scripting      knowledge eg. JavaScript, HTML/CSS.
Exposure on Agile/SCRUM      methodology.
Strong analytical and      problem-solving skills.
Excellent communication and      interpersonal skills.
Ability to work independently      and as part of a team.
Note:
Please send your CV only in English language.
Employee perks, benefits
Employee perks, benefits:
Annual       global incentive plan-bonus.
Large       corporation with representation and manufacturing plants in the world.
Stable       employer for Michalovce city and its surroundings.
Corporate       culture – Underpinning everything we do are our values:
- Improve care
- Deliver results
- Grow together
- Own it
- Do what´s right
Convatec       Day – extra day off.
Home office possibilities.
Flexible working hours.
Introduction       program according to company standards.
Development trainings.
Career       opportunities for internal employees.
Referral bonus system.
Recognition program.
Meals       in the amount of 0.44 Eur per one meal unit / day.
Supplementary       pension plan after the trial period with the employer's contribution.
Social       fund (various support and perks for employees).
Free       bus transport within Michalovce city.
Various       events / team building activities for employees.
Various       employee discounts by vendors within Michalovce city.
Working Conditions:
Work in office       environment, production centers and laboratory
Availability to       travel, international and national.
Information about the selection process
Note: Please send your CV only in English language.
Only candidates who meet our requirements will be invited for the interview. Data of not selected candidates will be deleted in compliance with GDPR and data protection law.
Information about personal data processing of job seekers is located on link: https://www.convatec.com/sk-sk/o-nas/kariera/
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Educational Specialization
Technical field
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Education/ Qualifications
ServiceNow Certified System Administrator (CSA) - highly desired
Any other ServiceNow Certification or Micro-Certification - optional
Languages
Speaking:                    Yes      English*,
other is a plus
Writing/Reading:         Yes      English*,
other is a plus
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Sme priekopníkom v zavádzaní dôveryhodných medicínskych riešení na zlepšenie životov, ktorých sa dotýkame: Unomedical s.r.o. je súčasťou spoločnosti Convatec, ktorá je globálnou firmou v oblasti medicínskych produktov a technológií. Zameriava sa na riešenia pre zvládanie chronických stavov a má vedúce postavenie v pokročilej starostlivosti hojenia rán, stómie, inkontinencie a infúznej terapie. S viac ako 10 000 kolegami celosvetovo poskytujeme naše produkty a služby v približne 90 krajinách, a to všetko spojené s prísľubom Forever caring (večnej starostlivosti). Naše riešenia prinášajú celý rad výhod, od prevencie infekcií a ochrany ohrozenej kože, až po zlepšené výsledky pre pacientov a znížené náklady na starostlivosť. Tržby spoločnosti Convatec v roku 2024 presiahli 2 miliardy dolárov. Spoločnosť je zaradená do indexu FTSE 100 (LSE:CTEC). Ak sa chcete dozvedieť viac, navštívte prosím https://www.convatecgroup.com
Ďalšie informácie nájdete na https://careers.convatec.com – ďakujeme za váš záujem!
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Vanda Caldeira
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5216890
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.1.2026
2026-01-13
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
,
IT Security Specialist
,
Programmer
,
Service Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Unomedical s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 600 EUR/month