IT Business Applications Support Lead
PERSONALITY, s.r.o.
Place of work
Bremen, Germany (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
6 500 - 7 500 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you interested in managing Business software & applications?
Join our IT Department and let's work together on IT projects & improvements in line with the company's latest strategic objectives related to areas such as
Production
,
Maintenance
and
Operations
.
You will be responsible for managing, supporting & optimizing the utilization of
Business Applications, mainly Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central ERP system.
Collaborating with Business units & leading the Business Application process, providing Business Application Support.
As well as collaborating with Business stakeholders and external partners on the local & international level.
This position is suitable for a candidate at a medior & senior level, with an understanding of Software Integration, Data Management & System Operations.
So, would you like to be at the forefront of driving IT initiatives in a chemical factory?
If so, we have an exciting Job opportunity for you.
​
Location: Remote & Hybrid (Bremen Area) – based on mutual agreement
​
Key Responsibilities:
Managing Business Appplications Support/ ERP & interface to the Business based on consultation between IT & Business units
Deployment of Business Applications & maintenance includingDisaster Recovery Planning, System upgrades, Data management & Data protection
Supporting & optimizing Business applications with a
focus on Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central ERP system
Creating & maintaining protocols for software usage, documentation for system processes, user guidelines
Providing the technical & functional support to end users (troubleshooting & issue resolution, analyzing requirements)
Ensuring IT Compliance, following Security Best Practises & regulatory requirements.
Candidate Experience:
Min. 2+ years experience in IT Business Consulting & Business Application Support
Familiar with ERP systems – Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central
Hands-on approach with a problem-solving mindset
Ability to analyze business requirements & translate them into technical solutions
Nice to have:
Zabbix monitoring
Knowledge of Manufacturing & Maintenance processes/ ERP systems
Employee perks, benefits
Hybrid working mode/ optional & based on mutual agreement
International working environment with Matrix reporting hierarchy
Personal development programs/workshops and training
Apply now & get in touch with us to find out more.
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Chemical industry, manufacture of pharmaceutical products
The client is operating in the defence sector/ Defence Technology Manufacturing in Germany.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
German - Advanced (C1)
or
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central - Expert
ERP -  Enterprise Resource Planning - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
Application Support
Number of years of experience
2
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Group PERSONALITY® is an HR Leader providing a unique combination of services: HEADHUNTING, RECRUITMENT, PERSONAL LEASING, INTERIM MANAGEMENT, TEMPORARY PLACEMENT, CAREER ADVISORY and creation of professional LINKEDIN profiles.
PERSONALITY® was founded in 2006 with a vision of becoming a professional partner in HR. Our core team of Headhunters and Recruiters shares exceptional experience with filling various vacancies under the most precise criteria and requirements. We are available to you in our offices in Bratislava, Nitra, Prague and Dubai.
To our Clients and Candidates, we offer complex services and solutions, individual consulting, as well as long-term partnership, with the highest quality of service provided being our primary objective. Find more information about us on www.PersonalityHR.com.
Within the scope of CAREER ADVISORY service, we will be happy to create or enhance your tailor-made Professional LinkedIn profile: www.ProfileLinked.in.
Peter Križan
CEO
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
10-19 employees
Contact
Contact person: Veronika Mačuhová
Tel.:
+421903291830
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5216783
Dátum zverejnenia:
15.1.2026
2026-01-15
lokalita:
Germany
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
PERSONALITY, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
6 500 EUR/month