Test automation lead (f/m/d)
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
3 000 EUR/month
from 3000 + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Do you want to help create the future of healthcare? Our name, Siemens Healthineers, was selected to honor our people who dedicate their energy and passion to this cause. It reflects their pioneering spirit combined with our long history of engineering in the ever-evolving healthcare industry.
We offer you a flexible and dynamic environment with opportunities to go beyond your comfort zone in order to grow personally and professionally. Sound interesting?
Then come and join our global team as Test automation Lead (f/m/d) to be responsible for managing our testing acosystem.
Your tasks and responsibilities:
You will functionally lead a multi-level organization of test automation experts.
You will act as speaker for the group and coordinate actions with the other Group Leads for cross-vertical topics.
You are comprehensively responsible for testing environment.
Facilitate and coordinate testing workflows with teams working within Service Now ecosystem.
You understand the Applications, their priorities, and how to support from testing perspective.
You contribute to best practices.
You drive continuous process improvement
You with your team monitor performance, detect deviations, and trigger improvements​.
You enable teams to follow defined best practices about support processes and methodologies.​
You and your team drive Knowledge management by enabling users and support teams with Knowledge Articles
You will develop the competencies of the experts in the group and evaluate needed competencies and skills required when onboarding new team members (internal or external)
You will facilitate knowledge exchange between the experts (community management)
To find out more about the specific business, have a look at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/products-services
Your qualifications and experience:
You have a degree in computer science, business informatics or a comparable field
You have profound experiences in leading global diverse groups / teams along Good communication and collaboration skills
Java – intermediate
Selenium – intermediate
OOP and code design principles
General understanding of Service now, HTML, CSS, DOM, JSON, XML, JS
Test automation principles
Ambition to produce clean and effective code, Azure DevOps
Your attributes and skills:
You already have extensive experience in international and intercultural cooperation. Therefore, you bring along business fluent English skills. German language skills are an advantage
You are characterized by strong analytical skills, initiative, motivation and the ability to work in a team
You work solution-oriented, creatively, and independently
You communicate confidently at all organizational and work culture levels and demonstrate your ability to assert yourself in the process
We win together - you focus on the further development of project members and less experienced project managers
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards:
starting from 3000 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
Our global team:
Siemens Healthineers is a leading global medical technology company. 66,000 dedicated colleagues in over 70 countries are driven to shape the future of healthcare. An estimated 5 million patients across the globe benefit every day from our innovative technologies and services in the areas of diagnostic and therapeutic imaging, laboratory diagnostics and molecular medicine, as well as digital health and enterprise services.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of telework and work from office
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5217365
Dátum zverejnenia:
14.1.2026
2026-01-14
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month