IT security consultant
Offer experts s. r. o.
Miesto práce
Bratislava, Slovensko (Pozícia umožňuje občasnú prácu z domu)
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
2 700 - 3 500 EUR/mesiac
Informácie o pracovnom mieste
Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednosti
Development and preparation of the information security strategy
Preventive activities and raising awareness in the field of cybersecurity
Participation in internal and external projects when implementing the information security strategy
Defining and proposing improvements to internal and external processes in information security
Participation in external projects to assess the current state of information security against security standards and legislative requirements
Assessment and proposal of solutions for securing information systems with regard to legislative requirements and standards – ISO 2700X, ZoKB (NIS2)
Design and implementation of system solutions for access management in a hybrid environment
Identification of security threats, vulnerabilities and risks; analysis; preparation of reports; proposal of measures; and oversight of information security processes
Consulting, advisory support and documentation creation for the preparation and delivery of information security projects
Participation in national and international conferences
Zamestnanecké výhody, benefity
Flexible working hours
Home Office
Contribution/bonus upon getting married
Referral bonus
Financial bonus after 10 years of service
Multisport card
Team-building events (company-wide, division, Christmas dinner)
Support for sports activities (ice skating, bowling, etc.)
No dress code
Mobile phone and laptop also for personal use
Christmas gift, St. Nicholas Day gift
Discounts with third parties/partners
Opportunity for professional development, certifications and training
Fresh fruit, tea, coffee
Spoločnosť, pre ktorú je pozícia obsadzovaná
Informačné technológie
IT
Požiadavky na zamestnanca
Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelaním
stredoškolské s maturitou
nadstavbové/vyššie odborné vzdelanie
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
vysokoškolské III. stupňa
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Stredne pokročilý (B2)
Osobnostné predpoklady a zručnosti
Hard skills:
In-depth knowledge of network security technologies such as MFAA, VPN, SIEM, IDS/IPS, WAF, NAC, CASB, DLP
Advanced knowledge of information security products – network security
Hands-on experience configuring SIEM, firewalls (NGFW), web application firewalls (WAF), MFAA, VPN concentrators, IDS/IPS and related security tools
Experience in SOC security, monitoring, event correlation and handling security incidents
Security certifications welcomed (CISA, CISM, CEH, CISSP, etc.)
Soft skills:
Active approach to problem-solving; efficiency and attention to detail
Ability to work under time pressure; flexibility; innovative and proactive approach
Ability to learn and grow in new areas
Excellent analytical and communication skills; independence
Ability to adapt quickly to a dynamic environment
Teamwork skills (team player)
Inzerujúca spoločnosť
Stručná charakteristika spoločnosti
recruitment services/IT delivery
Kontakt
Kontaktná osoba: Mgr.  Peter Kluknavsky
E-mail:
poslať životopis
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5217645
Dátum zverejnenia:
14.1.2026
2026-01-14
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT konzultant
,
Správca informačného systému
,
Systémový administrátor
,
Systémový inžinier
,
Špecialista IT bezpečnosti
Spoločnosť:
Offer experts s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/mesiac