Software Developer - Student
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
part-time
Salary
6 EUR/hour
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We build global healthcare imaging diagnostics applications, enabling radiologists worldwide to be precise, fast and efficient.
We are looking for a student interested in SW development Ultrasound division of Siemens Healthineers. We want to involve you in our student’s mentoring program, learning and experimenting.
Your role:
Code implementation and bug fixing based on project specifications and guidelines from team members.
Collaborating with team developers and testers to contribute to project discussions, code reviews, and team activities.
Brief expectations:
At least intermediate knowledge of C#, React or object-oriented programming.
Proficiency in English at a B2 level or higher.
Basic salary component (gross) and other remuneration:
from 6 € gross / hour. Depending on experience + after incorporation possibility to increase.
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably.
Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
C# - Skillful
We offer
Long-term part-time job during your studies with the opportunity to gain experience in an international company and try out other positions
Possibility to work 20 hours a week with flexible working hours
Possibility of self-realization in an intetnational corporate environment
Meal vouchers
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5217366
Dátum zverejnenia:
14.1.2026
2026-01-14
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
6 EUR/hour