Java Developer: GUI focus
Evolveum s. r. o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, part-time
Start date
Immediately
Wage (gross)
2 500 EUR/month
Salary ranging from 62,000 CZK is offered for applicants from the Czech Republic. The final salary depends on the candidate's experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
​We are building the best open source identity management & governance software in the world, midPoint. Join our expert development team and help improve a graphical user interface that based on the Apache Wicket framework. The styles and templates are based on Bootstrap and AdminLTE templates. If you are or would like to become familiar with these and still eager to learn something new, keep reading. Use your abilities to work on a challenging yet exciting project with an experienced team by your side from anywhere at any time. Make the most of the opportunity to design, develop, and maintain midPoint’s GUI while having a considerable amount of freedom in your work. Apply today and become one of us!​
Evolveum attracts extraordinary people who want to do their best work. Make a real impact with the following responsibilities:
Collaborate with colleagues including UX designer to implement an innovative, flexible, accessible, and user-friendly GUI
Develop reusable components that can be customized to meet diverse requirements
Be part of development team with the main responsibility for the user interface
Participate on bugfixing, testing, stabilizing, and preparing midPoint for release​
Learn and understand how users and identity experts are using midPoint to make the UI even more user-friendly
Come up with ideas and put them into practice to influence midPoint’s look and feel
Be the person responsible for your time management and workflow to meet agreed deadlines
Maintain high standards for code quality and refactor the code reasonably
https://evolveum.com/jobs/gui-java-developer/
​
For candidates from Czechia, we can arrange the health and social insurance obligations within their home country.
​
Employee perks, benefits
- Remote first - Work conveniently from home like most of our team, or join the rest of the colleagues in offices located in Bratislava and Košice.
- Professional open source - Join one of the biggest open source projects in identity management & governance, and embrace the pure open source philosophy.
- Your public profile - Build your own personal brand with pride and nothing to hide. Jump on our open source wave and develop midPoint openly with us.
- Self-development - The space for your personal growth at Evolveum is limitless. Use it to the maximum and watch the team support you in doing so.
- Freedom at work - It’s all in your hands: enjoy flexible working hours, no middle management watching over your shoulder, and even the software & hardware of your choice.
- Room for pet projects - Do you have a vision you would like to work on in addition to your main responsibilities? Use the opportunity to allocate some of your work time to a pet project.
- Meritocracy at its best - Count on merit in terms of competency, ability, and achievements when it comes to taking over responsibilities and your position on the team.
- Pro-employee environment - Work at a company that values its employees and shows it through possible extra vacation time, financial bonuses, career growth opportunities, and educational resources.
- Even a 4-day work week - Join a company that values your grind and results over time spent in front of your screen. Evolveum is open to negotiating your time availability to fit your needs.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Intermediate (B1)
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
Advanced experience with Java or knowledge of a JavaScript framework (e.g. react, angular or node.js)
Willingness to learn how to work with Apache Wicket in Java and understand the details of how things work
Knowledge of Bootstrap and AdminLTE is an advantage
Minimum 3 years, ideally 5+ years of experience with projects of any size
Experience with product development is a plus
Familiarity with the identity management field is an advantage
Creative approach towards problems and the ability to find a solution
Enthusiastic attitude with passion for technology
Ability to work independently, in a team, and with customers
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Evolveum is a globally recognized EU-based organization that was established in 2011. With its dedicated team of professionals, Evolveum is the creator and maintainer of the leading open source identity platform midPoint. The feature set covering identity governance and administration makes midPoint an ideal choice for organizations seeking digital transformation to enhance security and efficiency.
Thanks to its worldwide effect, midPoint has a valuable community that provides a great source of knowledge and a place to share ideas. And when the IGA journey gets turbulent, Evolveum’s paid services and partners in over 45 countries are there to ensure organizations have the best midPoint experience possible. That is how Evolveum, even though it is a vendor of a completely open source product, has stable revenue that allows it to have a full-time dedicated technical and non technical team.
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Ľubomíra Repašská
Tel.:
+421901755644
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5217291
Dátum zverejnenia:
14.1.2026
2026-01-14
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Frontend developer
,
Java Programmer
,
Javascript Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Evolveum s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month