O nás
Novinky
Kontakt
Značka prémiového recruitmentu
S&you
patrí do portfólia pôvodom francúzskej skupiny
SYNERGIE
, 5. najväčšieho poskytovateľa HR služieb v Európe. V regióne Česko-Slovensko pôsobíme už viac ako
25 rokov
. Špecializujeme sa na vyhľadávanie a výber zamestnancov na pozície špecialistov, stredného a vyššieho manažmentu.
Pracovné ponuky:
Financie
Bankovníctvo
IT
Telco
Obchod
Marketing
Priemysel
Logistika
Administratíva
HR
Frontend Engineer (React) – Build the Future of FinTech
Place of work
Prague, Czech Republic
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
100 000 Kč/month
Final salary depends on the candidate´s experience
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We’re looking for a mid-level Frontend Engineer to join a fast-growing FinTech product team. You’ll work on modern, user-focused web applications used internationally — with real ownership, modern React tech, and the chance to grow as the product scales.If you enjoy clean code, smart collaboration, and a startup mindset with real impact, you’ll feel right at home.
Building modern, responsive frontend features in React
Turning designs into beautiful, usable interfaces
Creating reusable components and improving the design system
Collaborating closely with product, design, and engineering teams
Improving existing features, fixing bugs, and shipping often
Employee perks, benefits
Competitive pay and bonuses
Generous benefits and time off programs
Professional growth, learning, and development opportunities
Innovative, global, TEAM centric environment
Community service-oriented culture
Collaborative, casual, fun, and flexible work environment with access to *Top technology, stocked breakrooms, and coffee bars
EAM events and employee celebrations
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
A fast-growing FinTech with a strong engineering culture, building a global platform that helps businesses streamline B2B payments and optimize cash flow through innovative digital tools used by thousands of organisations around the world.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
2+ years of experience with React (hooks, context, state management)
Strong knowledge of JavaScript (ES6+) and TypeScript
Solid skills in HTML, CSS, and responsive design
Experience with state management (Redux, Zustand, or similar)
Familiarity with testing tools (Jest, React Testing Library, Cypress/Playwright)
Experience consuming REST APIs and/or GraphQL
Comfortable with Git and team-based development
English at C1 level or higher (international team)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
SYNERGIE Slovakia as recruitment and consulting agency has been present on the Slovak market since 1999. We are a part of SYNERGIE Group - the 5th largest HR solutions provider in Europe.
We do offer international experience, consultants with wide-ranging knowledge and experience in their specific fields and deep knowledge of the job market.
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services. (25908/2004 - OSS 129/2005. Plati pre SR.)
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
20-24 employees
Information about the selection process
Odpovedáme všetkým kandidátom do 3 pracovných dní, a to aj v prípade zamietavého stanoviska
Nenašli ste ponuku, ktorá by Vás zaujala? Navštívte našu stránku
www.synergie.sk
, kde nájdete aj pozície, ktoré nie sú zverejnené na pracovných portáloch.
Poznáte niekoho, kto je vhodným kandidátom na jednu z našich pozícií? Zapojte sa do nášho referenčného programu a získajte 200 EUR!
Odporučte známeho
Contact
Contact person: Matej Cintula
E-mail:
Zoznam odvetví
Financie
Bankovníctvo
IT
Telco
Obchod
Marketing
Priemysel
Logistika
Administratíva
HR
Aktuálna
ponuka
Kontakt
Synergie Slovakia s.r.o.
Dunajská 4, 811 08 Bratislava
Tel: (+421) 2 54 41 55 22
Fax: (+421) 2 54 41 54 89
E-mail:
sandyou@sandyou.sk
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5217374
Dátum zverejnenia:
14.1.2026
2026-01-14
lokalita:
Prague
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
S&you by SYNERGIE
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
100 000 Kč/month