Senior Quality Assurance Engineer (all genders welcome)
5G Systems GmbH
Place of work
Wallnerstraße, Vienna, Austria (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
Flexible
Wage (gross)
5 285 - 5 855 EUR/month
Our offer to you looks like this:

The unique chance to write Gaming history from Austria, more precisely from the heart of the city center of Vienna.

Hybrid working model combining office & home-office days. We support & encourage our employees to embrace our hybrid working model. All the teams are expected to work from home & spend an average of three days a week in the office together.

Fantastic celebrations - well, we mean Parties - such as Summer Party, Welcome Days, Project releases completion, Poker nights and of course, the X-Mas Party.

Your Birthday is a Free-Day from the work. Make sure to celebrate it!

Competitive annual base salary starting from €74.000,- up to€82.000,-adjustable to your level of experiences.

Please note: this is a Vienna based role. Working permit for Austria is required in advance. This is not a remote job.

APPLY ONLY via THIS LINK: 

https://talent.sage.hr/jobs/0680a880-6978-4e28-ada8-5fc276122363

DO NOT APPLY via e-mail
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
This is us!
We are 5G Systems GmbH
- with an office in the heart of the
city center of Vienna
we aspire to craft, manage, and innovate high transactional software solutions for diverse
gaming brands
that drive multiple regulatory environments and products for the
gaming industry
, ensuring technical excellence, customer alignment, and continuous innovation.
5G Systems GmbH
is an
equal opportunity employer
. Here we value diversity and are committed to providing a
professional environment of mutual respect
to everyone without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws.
5G Systems
is 100% owned by Tipico, the
Germany’s market leader in sports betting,
with offices across the world.
This is what you will be doing with us:
You will be working to build the leading provider of high scalable, event-driven software solutions for Tipico's gaming ecosystem. That's what 5G systems is!
With this application process we want first to get to know you and learn more about your profile, experiences, expertise & identify where the matches are.
Long term experiences in hands-on
QA manual & automated software testing
in the real money gaming sector & deep know-how in the
Sports betting & Casino industry are mandatory!
Automate test cases using
JavaScript
,
Playwright
, and
BrowserStack.
Wants to have an initial contact with us? Apply & let's see how it goes together.
Great things are happening here and we want to be ahead of the game.
Is this you?
University degree
in the field of Computer Science, Business Informatics, Software Engineering is desirable
ISTQB®
Certified Tester -
Foundation Level
is an important advantage
5+ years of experience in the quality assurance field
Deep know-how & experience in the
Sports betting & Casino industry are mandatory!
Fluency in
English is mandatory
. German is definitely an advantage.
Full & independent
proficiency in test automation
, particularly with JavaScript, Playwright, and BrowserStack
A
self-sufficient professional
who takes
ownership of projects & tasks
, ensuring high standards are met independently
Our Values:
Open Communication:
we believe in creating a space where everyone feels safe to share ideas, feedback, concerns, and questions—without fear of judgment. Transparency, honesty, and active listening are key to keeping communication open and respectful, so we can grow together, build trust, and support each other every step of the way.
Ownership:
we take full responsibility from ideation to execution and beyond. We proactively fix issues, drive improvements, and never wait for someone else to step in.
Humor:
it is how we work, connect, stay positive, and spark creativity. Good laughs keep our energy high, especially when things get tough.
Innovation:
it is at the heart of everything we do. We challenge boundaries and set new industry standards. By balancing creativity with purpose, we experiment boldly—because we're here to elevate the game. Always.
Teamwork:
when we come together as one team, magic happens. It’s all about trust, collaboration, having each other’s backs, and turning challenges into opportunities.
Employee perks, benefits
Our offer to you looks like this:
The unique chance to write
Gaming history
from Austria, more precisely from the heart of the
city center of Vienna.
Hybrid working model
combining office & home-office days. We support & encourage our employees to embrace our hybrid working model. All the teams are expected to work from home & spend an average of three days a week in the office together.
Fantastic celebrations -
well, we mean Parties
- such as Summer Party, Welcome Days, Project releases completion, Poker nights and of course, the X-Mas Party.
Your Birthday is a
Free-Day from the work
. Make sure to celebrate it!
Competitive
annual base salary
starting from €74.000,- up to€82.000,-adjustable to your level of experiences.
Please note: this is a
Vienna based role
. Working permit for Austria is
required in advance
. This is not a remote job.
APPLY ONLY via THIS LINK:
https://talent.sage.hr/jobs/0680a880-6978-4e28-ada8-5fc276122363
DO NOT APPLY via e-mail
Information about the selection process
APPLY ONLY via THIS LINK:
https://talent.sage.hr/jobs/0680a880-6978-4e28-ada8-5fc276122363
DO NOT APPLY via e-mail
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Software Engineering, Software Testing, IT QA
Language skills
English - Proficiency (C2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
We are 5G Systems - with an office in the heart of the city center of Vienna we aspire to craft, manage, and innovate high transactional software solutions for diverse gaming brands that drive multiple regulatory environments and products for the gaming industry, ensuring technical excellence, customer alignment, and continuous innovation.
We build event-driven software solutions for Tipico's gaming ecosystem.
5G Systems is 100% owned by Tipico, the Germany’s market leader in sports betting, with offices across the world.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Marco Quege, MBA
Tel.:
+436642053995
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5218885
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.1.2026
2026-01-16
lokalita:
Austria
Pozícia:
IT Tester
,
Quality Engineer
Spoločnosť:
5G Systems GmbH
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
5 285 EUR/month