Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior Lead Incident Manager with German language
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 800 EUR/month
Final salary is
negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 1800€ /brutto.
Additional information
* Please be informed that our
remote working possibility is only available within Slovakia
due to European taxation regulation.
Team description
Our team is all about working hard, having fun, and getting stuff done. We bring a diverse set of skills, experiences, and backgrounds to the table, which makes as a dynamic and creative force. Whether it's brainstorming ideas, solving complex problems, or tackling crew challenges, we're always up for the task.
What will you do?
WHAT WILL YOU DO?
Responsible for qualifying, validating, leading and escalating / de-escalating major (CBI - High / Critical) incidents
Responsible to open and lead technical conference calls
Need to own and coordinate Incidents, whilst ensuring that key milestones, KPI’s and SLA’s are achieved To create and distribute ‘structured list’ communications to key stakeholders in line with ‘reference’ process, keeping them informed of progress for resolution
Initiate root-cause analysis by providing information to Problem Management about major (CBI High / Critical) incidents which start the investigation into Problem tickets
Lead incident resolution whilst ensuring that KPIs and SLA are achieved
Reporting – Summarization of main facts about the issue itself within the Incident report (hereafter IR), pre-filling of necessary fields in the RCA document, measurement and reports of the ticket quality.
Proposes process improvements, drives a continuous improvement culture, developing people, improving productivity, quality.
You will succeed if you:
YOU WILL SUCCEED IF YOU:
Speak English and German at least on B2 level
Are customer oriented, initiative and enthusiastic
Are results oriented, persevering, able to complete task on time under pressure
Have detailed knowledge about ITIL especially about Service Operation’s INM, PRM, CHM
Have experience in leading projects and motivation of others
Have excellent judgment, tact, and decision-making ability
Have excellent coordination skills: managing complex IT technical investigations
Have excellent ability to work effectively with clients and other Top management personnel
Have excellent ability to organize, present, moderate management teleconferences in a structured manner
Have excellent ability to organize, present, moderate management teleconferences in a structured manner
Are very structured and self-reliant way of working
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 800 EUR/month
Final salary is
negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 1800€ /brutto.
Additional information
* Please be informed that our
remote working possibility is only available within Slovakia
due to European taxation regulation.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lucia Gbúrová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5218654
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.1.2026
2026-01-16
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 800 EUR/month