Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
part-time, internship, work experience
Ponúkaná mzda (brutto)
7,1 EUR/hour
Developer - Data Engineer Internship in Data Science
Orientačná celková mzda (brutto)
7,1 EUR/hour
It’s hard to put a price on driving human progress, but when you’re operating in a competitive business environment, you need innovative pricing strategies. Our Pricing team is responsible for developing, implementing, and evaluating these strategies. We conduct research and competitive pricing analysis and monitor the ongoing business environment to ensure Dell Technologies maintains a competitive market position.
Join us as a
Developer/ Data Engineer Intern
on our
Global Pricing Team
in
Bratislava, Slovakia
to do the best work of your career and make a profound social impact.
What you’ll achieve:
As Developer/Data Engineer Intern you will be responsible for pricing tool automation and Agentic AI models programming and Web Development. You will work with main Data Scientists and Developers on the multiple projects and will be able to get to know and understand pricing managers globally and get to see business processes and strategic pricing actions based on latest market competitive data.
You will:
Work with Data Science team on long-term projects, including competitive data automation, Agentic AI and Willingness to Pay Studies.
Do Full-stack development – JavaScript, Node.js, React.js
Develop and program statistical models – ETL, statistical sampling, modeling and interpretation
Help to translate data and business insight into user-friendly business-related outcome and decision
Take the first step towards your dream career
Every Dell Technologies team member brings something unique to the table. Here’s what we are looking for with this role:
Essential Requirements
Daily university student at Slovak university (2nd-4th year) with a Computer/Data science, Mathematics background, or STEM Related
Fluent English language
Node.js, SQL, MS Power BI, Python, HTML, Java script programming skills
Desirable Requirements:
:
Interest in Agentic AI Solutions and frameworks, Azure Cloud and IT concepts, combined with strong problem-solving abilities
Communication and presentation skills, along with willingness to learn
Salary starting from:
7.10 eur / hourly
Who we are
We believe that each of us has the power to make an impact. That’s why we put our team members at the center of everything we do. If you’re looking for an opportunity to grow your career with some of the best minds and most advanced tech in the industry, we’re looking for you.
Dell Technologies is a unique family of businesses that helps individuals and organizations transform how they work, live and play. Join us to build a future that works for everyone because Progress Takes All of Us.
Application closing date: 30th January 2026
Dell Technologies is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Read the full Equal Employment Opportunity Policy here.
Job ID:
R271091
Benefity
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5218650
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.1.2026
2026-01-16
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Dell Technologies
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
7,1 EUR/hour