Senior Automation Tester
SYNOT Games SK s. r. o.
Place of work
Kalinčiakova 33, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
3 200 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a skilled Senior Automation Engineer to join our Bratislava-based team! As a Senior Automation Engineer, you will be responsible for designing and implementing comprehensive test automation strategies, creating and maintaining automated tests, and ensuring quality across our backend services and gaming products. You will work closely with developers, QA teams, and fellow testers to improve testing efficiency, establish best practices and experiment with AI testing tools. You will have the opportunity to drive the quality of our games, contributing to game design, providing useful feedback throughout the game development lifecycle and maintaining excellence of our products.
Your daily tasks will include:
Design and develop automated test scripts using Python, Robot Framework
Execute automated tests and validate results in Azure DevOps CI/CD pipelines
Test complex backend applications and microservices
Work with MS SQL databases to prepare test data and validate test scenarios
Identify, report, and track bugs and defects through Azure DevOps
Close collaboration with developers, creative team, and fellow testers
Lead and mentor junior/medior automation testers
Continuously improve and optimize automated testing processes
Employee perks, benefits
Flexible working hours
Hybrid work setup
2 additional vacation days
Fruit days
Informal working atmosphere
Multisport Card
Referral program
Bike storage with showers
Expected date of completion of the selection process
1.2.2026
(there are still 16 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
Slovak - Proficiency (C2)
and
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Robot Framework - Skillful
Experience in the position/sector
5
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
Ability to design and write clear, maintainable manual test cases and automated test scripts
Experience in testing complex software systems
Good understanding of software development processes and lifecycle
Ability to create and maintain detailed test documentation and procedures
Strong logical thinking and analytical skills
High attention to technical detail and edge cases
Skills:
SQL, Databases - Intermediate
Any Programming Language - Python, C#, Java, JavaScript on
Intermediate level for testing purposes
API - Advanced
TFS/Azure DevOps or Jira - Intermediate
Git / Azure Repos - Advanced
Postman or alternative - Intermediate
Experience with automation frameworks such as RobotFramework, Tosca, Cypress, Selenium (hands-on experience required on some of them)
Docker, Kubernetes- Basic understanding
CI/CD Pipelines - Basic
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
SYNOT Games SK is a Bratislava-based team of gaming enthusiasts, constantly keeping in touch with innovation and striving for perfection. With more than 30 years of previous experience in gaming, we create exciting new casino slots with remarkable visuals and state-of-the-art technological attributes. We are striving to always provide top-level quality to keep the players thrilled and entertained.
As part of SYNOT Group we blend the tradition and experience with fresh and innovative approaches, together providing a full portfolio for both online and land-based operations. Our games are easy to integrate, infinitely engaging and available on multiple devices, platforms or languages.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Nina Tašká
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5218087
Dátum zverejnenia:
15.1.2026
2026-01-15
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
SYNOT Games SK s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 200 EUR/month