ri-rpc.sk
Leading provider
of innovative and
reliable card
services
About us
Trainee (Project Management)
Place of work
Námestie Mateja Korvína 1, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 400 EUR/month
1400€
About the role
Participates in a structured Trainee program with the aim to develop the necessary skills and knowledge. Closely cooperates with colleagues within the company and fulfills the tasks assigned by the responsible employee in line with the Trainee Program Plan, mainly in area of Project and Resource management.
Observes and shadows experienced colleagues to understand their workflow, techniques, and best practices.
Performs tasks and projects assigned by responsible employee in line with the Trainee Program Plan.
Attends team meetings, workshops, trainings to learn about the company´s business, company structure and connections between company´s departments.
Collaborates in projects, testing and implementations within the assigned department as well thorough the company.
Makes analyses and prepares presentations, presents findings and proposals in assigned areas and topics.
Constantly learns, educates him/herself to gain the skills in line with the Trainee Program Plan and in line with future development within the company.
What qualifications are important for this job
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Personality requirements and skills
Student in the final year of studies or a recent graduate (up to one year after graduation) with a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree.
Interest in project management and project-based work; previous experience is an advantage but not required.
Basic understanding of project coordination, planning or delivery, or strong motivation to learn these areas.
Good communication and organizational skills, with English language proficiency at intermediate level (B2) or higher.
Detail-oriented, responsible and proactive individual with a willingness to learn, take ownership of tasks and grow in a project management role.
Ability to work with MS Office tools (especially Excel, PowerPoint and Word) for project tracking, reporting and presentations.
Perks and benefits
Be in the middle of innovative payment technologies and delivering unique pioneering solutions within Raiffeisen Bank International Group in CEE. Develop your career and upgrade your potential within the RPC company.
Flexible home office and flexible working time
Extra days off: vacation plus, birthday day off and sick days
Multisport program
Sports facilities for employees: yoga, ice arena, mini futbal and volleyball
24/7 psychological helpline and sessions with professional counselors
Health care allowance
Development through internal and external trainings
Free coffee and tea at the workplace and regular fruit days
Office events, sports day, summer party and regular webinars
Cafeteria benefits system to choose benefit of your preference
Loyalty reward
Transportation allowance
Supplementary Pension plan contribution
Bike room and showers in the office
Who we are
Established in 2000 as a division of Tatra banka, RPC is a shared service centre of Raiffeisen Bank International (RBI).
In 2008, we evolved into a separate company, solidifying our position as a strategic hub for centralizing the group's card payment operations with specialization in card issuing, acquiring, fraud risk monitoring, and digital payments.
We bring fresh, innovative payment technologies across the European region, which guarantees our employees to be part of many exciting projects in multiple CEE countries.
Besides Tatra banka in Slovakia and UBB in Bulgaria, we are proud to have among our clients Raiffeisen banks from Austria, Albania, Czech Republic, Croatia, Romania, Hungary, Serbia, Ukraine, and Kosovo, which makes us one of the largest processing companies in the region.
Come be a part of RPC as we shape the future of payment technology! If you're passionate about innovation and want to join a collaborative and international team, we'd love to have you with us.
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Pavlina Laukova
E-mail:
send CV
APPLY FOR A JOB
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Make it happen
ID:
5218115
Dátum zverejnenia:
15.1.2026
2026-01-15
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Assistant
,
IT Project Manager
,
Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Raiffeisen Processing Centre (RPC)
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 400 EUR/month