About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Junior IT Business Analyst
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 500 - 2 500 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between [EUR 1,500 and EUR 2,500 per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers:​· the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, ​· the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience.​In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits.​Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As a Junior IT Business Analyst, you'll serve as a bridge between our application engineers and business stakeholders, helping to design, build, and enhance IT solutions that power our financial reporting systems. You'll balance exciting project work with operational support, ensuring our systems run smoothly through each quarterly cycle.
Key Responsibilities
•	Collaborate with business customers to gather requirements, conduct testing, and implement change requests that enhance system functionality
•	Support quarterly closing activities by managing interfaces and resolving incidents and defects to ensure timely regulatory reporting
•	Analyze system processes and propose improvements to optimize efficiency and accuracy
•	Share knowledge about applications and processes to strengthen team capabilities
•	Foster a culture of continuous improvement through proactive problem-solving and process refinement
About the Team
Solvency II IT team is a Bratislava based team of IT Business Analysts responsible for operating and improving IT process to support Finance and Actuarial colleagues. We ensure smooth and efficient quarterly closing activities related to the regulatory reporting for EU & UK regulators. The team is part of larger projects and initiatives to meet the regulation and adapt to new technologies within Swiss Re.
Employee perks, benefits
You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
You enjoy solving problems and translating business needs into technical solutions. You thrive in collaborative environments where clear communication is essential, and you're eager to learn new technologies and business domains. Your attention to detail and organizational skills help you manage multiple priorities effectively.
We are looking for candidates who meet these requirements:
•	Analytical and problem-solving mindset
•	Strong organizational, time management, and communication skills
•	Ability to quickly grasp concepts and think conceptually
•	Proactive team player with a collaborative approach
These are additional nice to haves:
•	Basic understanding of SQL for data querying and analysis
•	Familiarity with agile development approaches (e.g., Scrum)
•	Experience with tools like Azure DevOps, Confluence or Databricks
•	Background in requirements gathering and documentation
•	Experience in financial services or regulatory reporting environments
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Livia Pasztorova
Apply here
ID:
5218322
Dátum zverejnenia:
15.1.2026
2026-01-15
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month