About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Business Analyst
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 200 - 3 700 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between [EUR 2,200 and EUR 3,700 per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers:​· the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, ​· the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience.​In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits.​Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you passionate about bridging the gap between business needs and technology solutions? Join our dynamic team as a Business Analyst where you'll translate complex business requirements into innovative technical solutions.
About the Role
As a Business Analyst, you'll be the vital link between our business stakeholders and technical teams, ensuring that business requirements are clearly understood and effectively implemented in our solutions.
This role requires strong communication skills and collaboration with an international user community, as well as with a diverse range of IT peers across the globe.
About the Team
You'll be joining our international Digital and Technology team, Tax Solutions that partners closely with our Group Tax colleagues based in various countries globally.  Our team plays a crucial role in supporting tax professionals by developing and maintaining the solutions they need to fulfil their obligations with regard to Group IFRS reporting, Local Statutory reporting and many other indirect tax reporting requirements.  We bridge the gap between complex tax requirements and efficient technical implementations, while supporting strategic projects and crucially, ensuring stability during our critical financial closing activities.
We value a curious and continuous improvement mindset, appreciate pro-activity and applicants that also provide a critical eye on existing processes and challenge the status quo.
Key Responsibilities
•	Analysis - Analyse business needs and processes using different techniques to gather requirements and translate them into clear functional and non-functional specifications for the engineering teams.
•	Stakeholder Management - Build strong relationships with business and technology teams, facilitating effective communication
•	Documentation – Produce and ensure high quality documentation aimed at the user community, such as user guides and release notes.
•	Operational Support – Participate in the operational support activities, particularly during financial closing periods
•	Change management & delivery – Help deliver change end-to-end, ensuring high quality requirements and acceptance criteria, participate in testing and release activities and user acceptance / training / feedback where necessary.
Employee perks, benefits
You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
You're a natural problem-solver with excellent analytical skills and a talent for communication. You thrive in collaborative environments and enjoy translating complex business challenges into clear technical requirements. Your ability to build relationships across departments and explain technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders sets you apart.
We are looking for candidates who meet these requirements:
•	Proven experience in business analysis, preferably in IT/software development environments or in the financial services industry
•	Proficiency in requirements gathering techniques and documentation (user stories, use cases, process flows)
•	Experience with project management methodologies (Agile, Scrum)
•	SQL skills and experience working with databases and data analysis
•	Strong affinity for numbers and financial data analysis
These are additional nice to haves:
•	Experience with visualization and modelling tools (e.g. Visio/Miro) and data visualization tools (e.g. Power BI)
•	Finance relevant know how
•	Change management experience
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Livia Pasztorova
Apply here
ID:
5218308
Dátum zverejnenia:
15.1.2026
2026-01-15
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month