Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Lead Architect - Software-defined networking (SDN)
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 500 EUR/month.
Development team is mainly responsible for the network related technical SDx product definition (SD WAN, LAN, WLAN inc. SSE), product design creation, exposure of NW parameters, definition of Juniper MIST templates, integration with DT tools, network security and SDN product implementation. We are hiring Lead Architect - SDN - Senior technical expert responsible for design and implementation of an assigned technology.
What will you do?
Design, develop, test, implement and support ICT components and applications in order to deliver quality standard  product portfolio.
Build and develop concepts, processes and methods for automation, optimization and standardization to satisfy efficiency and automation requirements.
Provide advice or information at request or at own initiative to all relevant employees or customers regarding technical aspects of products.
Provide project deliverables in order to fulfil the project scope.
Consult and implement new innovative technologies to satisfy innovation strategy.
Provide overall solutions and principles in planning, developing and implementing new products to satisfy business requirements.
Design, develop, and implement architecture of services based on  platform requirements.
Mentor and train co-workers to spread knowledge level and develop their skills.
Act as key technical lead and solve and coordinate activities across related technologies/outside own team.
Provide consulting services to project teams on areas of expertise.
Research and development in assigned technology, determine business requirements, propose changes and develop implementation plans.
You will succeed if you:
have education of Information technologies – Master’s degree
have experience with Information technologies - 5 years
have field specific professional certification exam;
have recommended process methodology certification
have experience with operating Systems - Expert
have experience with networking - Expert
have experience with security - Advanced
have experience with programming languages - Advanced
have experience with virtualization - Advanced
have experience with field specific applications - Expert
are communicative, team player and have analytical thinking, training/mentoring skills, presentation and negotiation skills
have financial literacy
have experience with project and quality management
have leadership skills
speak English - Advanced (C1)
speak German
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
2 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 500 EUR/month.
Contact
Contact person: Anna Heveryová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5218939
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.1.2026
2026-01-16
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Architect
,
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month