Voľné pracovné pozície
Profil firmy
Prečo Scheidt
& Bachmann
Kde nás nájdete
Service Desk Specialist - Level 2,5
Place of work: Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Salary: From 1 750 EUR/month
Junior from 1 750 EUR / month, Senior from 2 000 EUR / month + annual team bonus. Final salary depends on candidate´s professional experience.
Company profile
Scheidt & Bachmann, Mönchengladbach was founded in 1872 and today presents itself as an innovative company with a long tradition. In a total of four largely separate divisions, systems for parking and leisure centres, systems for railway signalling technology, fare collection systems, and systems for petrol stations are developed, produced and distributed. Scheidt & Bachmann Slovakia s.r.o. was established in 1995 at the initiative of Scheidt & Bachmann.  A successful cooperation with the University of Žilina also made a significant contribution to the establishment.
Fare Collection Systems
offers a wide range of products of various technical equipment according to customer requirements. This area covers modern, comprehensive fare collection systems in urban, suburban, and metropolitan transportation with ticket printing and coding machines.
We offer
Perspektívna práca v stabilnej firme s adekvátnym finančným ohodnotením a potenciálom osobného rozvoja (školenia, jazykové kurzy).
Bohatý sociálny program pre zamestnancov: teambuildingové aktivity, firemné akcie, podpora športových a kultúrnych podujatí.
Flexibilný pracovný čas, dovolenka navyše, dodatočné dni pracovného voľna.
Práca v skúsenom medzinárodnom kolektíve.
Možnosť služobných ciest do zahraničia.
Your responsibilities
Customer and 3rd party users support (B2B level).
Handling of service requests and incidents, analysis, troubleshooting.
Pro-active monitoring of system health, continuous improvement and automation of monitoring tools.
Creating documentation, improving knowledgebase and sharing knowledge within ServiceDesk.
Cooperating on activities that lead to improved operability and monitoring environment in a DevOps setup.
Sporadically deployments including integration, configuration and troubleshooting.
Your profile
Experience with Linux systems.
Experience with Kubernetes systems (Docker).
Analytical and logical thinker.
Solution driven team player with customer support focus.
Ability to understand complex systems.
Ability to communicate with all stakeholders clearly, share knowledge and help colleagues on all levels of expertise.
Willing to independently research and learn new technology (internal and 3rd party).
Nice to have
Experience with Oracle, SQL, PSQL, Prometheus, Opensearch/Kibana, RabbitMQ, Kafka, WildFly.
Knowledge of current monitoring and graphing systems (i.e. Grafana, Centreon/Nagios).
Understanding of current web and internet technologies like SQL and Non-SQL DBs, Kafka, K8S, Bash…
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5218914
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.1.2026
2026-01-16
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Service Engineer
,
Service Technician
Spoločnosť:
Scheidt & Bachmann Slovensko s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 750 EUR/month