O nás
Voľné pozície
Benefity
EN
SK
Staň sa súčasťou tímu vizionárov
Vytvárajme spolu budúcnosť kybernetickej bezpečnosti
späť na voľné pracovné miesta
Security Monitoring Analyst
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/month
* The final basic wage component can be increased accordingly to individual skills and experience of the selected candidate. 
* Performance bonus 2 times per year up to 10% of the basic salary paid for the evaluation period(usually 6 months).
Contract type
full-time
We are looking for a motivated and curious individual to join our Threat Defense R&D team as a Security Monitoring Analyst.
In this role, you’ll help shape and evolve ESET’s security services and technologies, especially in the areas of threat hunting, incident response and EDR/XDR detection capabilities. You’ll work with cutting-edge tools and collaborate with some of the best minds in the field.
As our team evolves, this role may expand to include leadership responsibilities, with the opportunity to lead and mentor a team of Security Monitoring Analysts.
This position is also open for location: Prague, Brno or Košice.
Functional Responsibilities and Duties
Monitor and analyze global security threats and identify relevant events requiring attention.
Formulate hypotheses and conduct threat hunting activities across assigned environments or on a global scale.
Investigate security incidents, map attack paths and identify root causes.
Participate in global incident response cases (e.g. MDR customers, research-related cases).
Communicate findings and recommendations to internal teams and customers.
Contribute to the enhancement of methodologies, processes and infrastructure supporting the delivery of security services.
Prepare guidance and methodologies for MDR teams.
Participate in research of real-world attack techniques and help design detection logic for global EDR/XDR platforms.
Collaborate with Threat Research and Malware Analysis teams.
Continuously learn and share knowledge with the team.
Perform conceptual, systemic, creative and methodological activities.
Carry out other tasks according to the instructions of the direct manager in accordance with the activities of the department and the company.
Experience & Knowledge
Experience with EDR/XDR and/or SIEM platforms.
Background in threat hunting and incident response.
Experience as a SOC security analyst (or in a similar role outside of a SOC) where the primary responsibility involved operating and evaluating outputs from security monitoring systems to identify and report potential threats is a strong advantage.
Familiarity with forensic analysis, penetration testing or red teaming is an advantage.
Solid understanding of the inner workings of Windows and Linux operating systems (processes, registry, file systems, services, etc.).
Good understanding of networking technologies and principles (IP, ports, protocols, etc.).
Basic scripting knowledge (PowerShell, Bash, Python, etc.) is a plus.
Awareness of current trends and techniques in cybersecurity.
English language on B2 level or higher (written & spoken)
Soft Skills
Strong analytical and problem-solving mindset.
Proactive, curious and eager to innovate.
Ability to communicate clearly and work collaboratively.
Education & Certifications
Degree in IT or cybersecurity-related field is an advantage.
Certifications such as CEH, GCIH or similar are considered an advantage.
Kontaktná osoba
Marika Fiamínová
Poslať životopis
BENEFITY PRE TEBA
Flexibilita
Firemné podujatia
Benefity pre celú rodinu
Šport a zdravie Wellbeing
A ešte viac…
O ESETe
Spoločnosť ESET je globálnym lídrom v oblasti digitálnej bezpečnosti a je jedným z najväčších dodávateľov bezpečnostných riešení v Európskej únii. Zároveň je najväčšou a najoceňovanejšou IT firmou na Slovensku.
Už viac ako 30 rokov vyvíjame popredný softvér a služby zamerané na IT bezpečnosť a ochranu podnikov, kritickej infraštruktúry a domácností z celého sveta
Okrem vytvárania bezpečnostných riešení pre zákazníkov je našim cieľom aj aktívne prispievať k inovatívnej a zodpovednej spoločnosti v oblasti
vzdelávania
,
vedy
a
výskumu
.
V ESETe sú diverzita, rovnosť a inklúzia (DEI) neoddeliteľnou súčasťou firemnej kultúry. Sme hrdým signatárom a ambasádorom
Charty diverzity
. Snažíme sa vytvárať pracovné
prostredie
, kde sa každý cíti cenený a rešpektovaný. S otvorenosťou vítame záujem jednotlivcov zo všetkých prostredí -  vrátane rasy, pohlavia, veku, náboženstva, zdravotného znevýhodnenia, či sexuálnej orientácie.
Viac sa o nás dozviete na
našej stránke
.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5219144
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.1.2026
2026-01-16
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
Spoločnosť:
ESET, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month