Data Platform and SQL Access - Software Engineer
Elisa Polystar Slovakia s. r. o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 800 EUR/month
The final offer depends on candidate's skills and experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
At Polystar, we are seeking a
software engineer with a strong Java background who is ready to focus on data management and data access.
You’ll work on large, distributed databases, open database access, and productization of tools to provide SQL-based access to data. You will build Java services in Kubernetes environment and optimize e.g. Clickhouse performance to deliver low-latency analytics to customers.
What We’re Looking For
Databases:
Solid experience with large, distributed databases and performance optimization.
Solid experience with
SQL, query optimization and security.
Strong experience with
Java
(back-end or full-stack) and distributed systems.
Kubernetes:
Experience with containerization, production ops, and security.
Bonus points:
Curiosity to learn telecom signaling, protocols, and mobile networks. Hands-on experience with Clickhouse/Trino/equivalent. Experience with AI/ML assisted coding tools, such as Github Copilot.
Strong collaboration skills:
Proactiveness and willingness to take initiative, own decisions and follow through.
Tech Enthusiast:
Thrive in a creative, problem-solving, high-tech environment, adaptive to changing requirements and deadlines.
Customer delivery mindset:
Comfortable troubleshooting and deploying remotely in customer environments.
Why Polystar?
Global Impact:
Trusted by 100+ telecom operators in 55 countries, your code helps optimize networks for millions of people worldwide.
Engaging Technical Challenges:
Work with software that processes massive data volumes in real time.
Collaborative Culture:
Supportive team where knowledge-sharing is second nature.
Learning & Growth:
We help you master our technical scope and support your career development.
Hybrid & Flexible Work:
Remote work possible.
Sounds interesting? Send us your CV in English and let’s have a chat!
Employee perks, benefits
Hybrid and Flexible working time
5 days of fully paid sick leave
(beyond the statutory entitlement)
Extra vacation days
– after each year worked +1 day (max. 5 days) on top of the statutory
Special day
Contribution to pension savings (III. pillar)
RBI bonus
paid twice a year (up to 10% of half yearly gross salary)
"Stay healthy" bonus
€100
Referral bonus
(half of monthly gross salary)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Who we are
We are a team of dedicated software developers, data scientists, telecom experts and business professionals. It is a workplace where you can influence important decisions, affecting international operators directly. Our Polystar team is growing quickly, and seek team members who want to grow with us. With an innovation mindset, we are working with novel tools, to create automation and analytics that give insight and solve customer, service, and network issues.
What we do
Polystar is a growing international software business that delivers automation, AI and analytics for network operators globally. Our vision is to provide Communication Service Providers (CSPs) with solutions that enable them to run completely self-driving networks. With the background of being Finland’s largest CSP, Polystar’s solutions are developed in a live network, with the benefits for network operators in mind.
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Career Elisa Polystar
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5219164
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.1.2026
2026-01-16
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Java Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Elisa Polystar Slovakia s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month