IT Service Performance Manager
cargo-partner SR, s.r.o.
Place of work
Kopčianska, Petržalka, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
2 700 EUR/month
An overpayment is possible depending on the qualification and a professional experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Ready to level up in IT? Join us as an IT Service Performance Manager!
Be the brain behind a comprehensive strategy for managing performance across all service lines. Shape our tech to match business goals, and fuel growth.
What will you do?
Support in the definition and management of IT-related metrics and operational performance indicators
Contribute to the achievement of business objectives by monitoring performance, reporting on key KPIs, and formulating strategic and tactical plans
Utilize data to facilitate informed decision-making and present numerical analyses for considerations such as cost-benefit assessments, IT infrastructure enhancements, and strategic technology direction
Evaluate and challenge existing risk policies and practices to identify opportunities for enhanced commercial performance
Ensure the implementation and continuous compliance with best practice controls and governance measures
Assist in the coordination of IT management processes: from software license compliance and budgeting to initiatives aimed at cost reduction and alignment of IT with corporate financial targets
Employee perks, benefits
The minimum monthly salary starts from 2.700 € gross. The final compensation may go above, depending on your professional qualifications and experience and it will be discussed in the interviews.
Career plan and professional growth opportunities?
We guarantee an individual path of professional development. We give development opportunities in various IT projects.
Implementation of own initiatives? We are a company where the main focus is on people - they create our strength.
Stability of employment?
Dynamic work in a stable international company with a leading position in the air and sea freight market. We focus on long-term cooperation. After the project is over, we talk, listen and provide further challenges.
Benefits?
We offer a range of benefits to support your development and well-being, including training opportunities, eLearning access, language course co-financing, a Multisport card, retirement plan contributions, performance bonuses and more.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Personality requirements and skills
Familiarity with performance indicators and metrics that are crucial to managing and enhancing service delivery, along with the capacity to gather, analyze, and report this information effectively
An analytical mindset to pinpoint and resolve inefficiencies within service operations
Strong communication skills to articulate performance-related insights to a diverse audience, making complex information understandable to all
A collaborative spirit to work seamlessly with various teams, including those with IT expertise
Organizational abilities to oversee projects and manage budgets aimed at bolstering service performance
The ability to learn a company's operational systems, underlying technology, and service offerings swiftly
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
For over 40 years, cargo-partner has flourished in the logistics industry, delivering unparalleled service to our clients worldwide. We have now embarked on another journey and to continue our commitment for excellence, we have now joined the Nippon Express Group which will now underpin all the values we constantly aspire to achieve, now becoming a top 5 global player. As an end to end info logistics provider, we pride ourselves on offering a comprehensive portfolio of air, sea, land transport, and warehousing services. With a unique focus on information technology and supply chain optimization, we empower businesses to thrive in today's fast-paced world.
Join our dynamic team, where innovation meets passion and every voice is valued. Embark on a journey where your skills are nurtured, creativity is celebrated, and together, we take pride in making a difference.
Discover more about our Mission & Vision. Dive into a world of endless opportunities and embark on the cargo-partner journey with us.
cargo-partner is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an environment where all employees feel valued and respected. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or any other legally protected characteristics. We welcome and encourage applications from all individuals, regardless of background.
Explore endless opportunities and leave your mark with us.
Ready to get things moving? Join our team!
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Joanna Aniol
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5220738
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.1.2026
2026-01-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
,
IT Manager
,
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
cargo-partner SR, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month