Voľné pracovné pozície
Profil firmy
Prečo Scheidt
& Bachmann
Kde nás nájdete
Mobile application developer
Place of work: Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Salary: From 2 600 EUR/month
Junior from 1 600 EUR, Medior from 2 200 EUR, Senior from 2 600 EUR + variabile bonus. Final salary depends on candidate´s professional experience
Company profile
Scheidt & Bachmann, Mönchengladbach was founded in 1872 and today presents itself as an innovative company with a long tradition. In a total of four largely separate divisions, systems for parking and leisure centres, systems for railway signalling technology, fare collection systems, and systems for petrol stations are developed, produced and distributed. Scheidt & Bachmann Slovakia s.r.o. was established in 1995 at the initiative of Scheidt & Bachmann.  A successful cooperation with the University of Žilina also made a significant contribution to the establishment.
Fare Collection Systems
offers a wide range of products of various technical equipment according to customer requirements. This area covers modern, comprehensive fare collection systems in urban, suburban, and metropolitan transportation with ticket printing and coding machines.
We offer
Perspective work in a stable company with adequate financial assessment and opportunities for personal development (soft skills and technical training, language courses).
Attractive financial team bonus paid once a year based on team performance.
Referral financial bonus paid for referring someone to our open job position.
Rich social program for employees (several social events and team buildings, sport and culture possibilities).
Free snacks for the whole day (free coffee/tea drinks, vending machines with various delicacies).
Flexible working time, additional vacation, "bridgedays".
Possibility of Homeoffice.
Work in international and multicultural teams (divisions in 23 countries).
Possibility of international business trips or staying abroad for certain period of time.
Your responsibilities
As a member of development team responsible for iOS & Android mobile applications, your tasks will be to develop new or extend existing mobile applications with a main focus on iOS. Mainly applications for sale and inspection of tickets in public transportation.
Develop new functionalities and resolve issues related to app.
Willingness to learn new technologies in Android development from senior developers.
Cooperate within the team to create solution, develop and test it.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver high-quality solutions.
Improve the existing codebase while learning and applying new technologies.
Document the solution.
Your profile
Goal oriented, willing to explore and learn from existing solutions, understand customer needs to implement suitable solutions.
At least 2 years of experience with native iOS application development using Swift (Objective‑C experience is an advantage).
Experience with SwiftUI and UIKit.
Experience integrating REST APIs and working with secure network communication.
Experience with Git and App Store Connect.
Team player, willing to share knowledge.
Experience with development of native Android applications in Kotlin is an advantage.
Experience with Jetpack Compose is an advantage.
English proficiency at B1 level or higher, German knowledge advantage.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5220898
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.1.2026
2026-01-20
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
IT Manager
,
IT Product Manager
,
IT System Administrator
,
Systems Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Scheidt & Bachmann Slovensko s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 600 EUR/month