One bank.
Many career paths.
#makeITmatter
Student Part-time QA Tester (all humans)
Location:
Bratislava, Bratislavský kraj, Slovakia
Working-Hours:
fulltime_permanent
Division:
Group Digital Banking
Company:
Erste Digital
Apply now
Make a difference in the financial life of millions of people: At Erste Digital you are co-creating the digital future, in which better financial health is possible. #believeinyourself
We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle.
What to do:
Testing Payments functionalities on George, reporting bugs, supporting developers and analysts, all while living and breathing in a vibrant Agile team.
Testing in George in multiple mobile devices to make sure both Android and iOS apps are good to go to our customer
Located in Bratislava at our newly refurbished agile-friendly workspace, you will enjoy the opportunity to also travel to Vienna to Erste Campus from time-to-time. This position is a long-term collaboration where you can continue to further your field of knowledge while applying it loyally to a real time, market-leading project.
You check these boxes:
Are at least a 3rd year student at university who imagine themselves in an IT company
Embrace ‘attention to detail’ as your daily mantra
Are proactive and self-motivated without the ego to go with it
Are curious about how things work and don’t have fear to state your constructive criticism
Know the broader potential of Web browsers and high level architecture of web technologies
Have a natural confidence with your communication skills, while being fluent in English
Understand that a bug is not just an insect
Why you will like us:
Possibility to benefit and learn from our international, talented and passionate community at Erste
Great learning curve through ownership and creative freedom.
Interest groups and clubs: Take part in discussions and get involved in projects. Numerous interest groups invite you to engage with a topic
Learning & Development – We are firmly convinced that every day is an opportunity for learning. Improve your know-how in workshops, seminars and through e-learning – from professional training to soft skills.
New way of work: With our flexible working hours model we want to make your life less complicated. Combing the best of both worlds, remote and company time.
We offer you a part-time internship position (20h/week). An internship salary starting up from 8€/h, depending on your skills and previous work experience is offered.
The way we are:
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are
            proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual
            orientation or origin.
Apply now
Follow us:
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5220438
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.1.2026
2026-01-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
Erste Digital GmbH
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
8 EUR/hour