Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
DevOps Engineer for Open Sovereign Cloud
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 650 - 2 550 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Sovereign Cloud is T-Systems' cloud offering for clients with high sovereignty needs. Clients in regulated sectors such as healthcare and the public sector are put in complete charge of their data – on an open-source platform, hosted in Europe. Our focus is to build new product – Sovereign Cloud within T-systems international cloud portfolio. DevOps engineer is participates design and implementation of Kubernetes based Platform as a Service offering to Sovereign Cloud.
As the DevOps Engineer for Sovereign Cloud you will co-creating next-generation cloud solutions, with the focus on EU healthcare, security and public sector area. Design and implement a set of sovereignty controls and measures, including encryption and identity management and control function over relevant parts of the Sovereign Cloud. DevOps Engineer is responsible for entire lifecycle of Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment pipelines and platform as Code approaches. Takes account and defines automated configuration management, release management, build, test and deployment activities. Provides prototypes and concepts for further automation of assigned technology.
What will you do?
Designs, develops, tests and implements infrastructure for CI/CD pipelines and IaC.
Manages source code, configuration management, release management, build and deployment activities.
Setups and manages integration with partner applications.
Conducts of performance analyses and tunings as well as error analyses and troubleshooting
Consults and implements new innovative technologies to satisfy innovation strategy.
Creates concepts for further automation of services, processes and/or operating models.
Directly support the project teams in the development, quality assurance accompanying development as well as planning and implementation of product releases
You will succeed if you:
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
1 650 - 2 550 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Anna Heveryová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5220229
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.1.2026
2026-01-19
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Programmer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 650 EUR/month