ri-rpc.sk
Leading provider
of innovative and
reliable card
services
About us
Incident & DORA Case Manager
Place of work
Námestie Mateja Korvína 1, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 700 EUR/month
minimum 2 700€ + fixed allowances twice a year + bonus (if you are more senior please, don´t hesitate to share your expectations. Final salary depends on candidates level of experiences and skills.)
About the role
We are looking for a team member who will take ownership of IT incident management within the banking environment, ensuring fast and effective resolution of incidents in line with the Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA).
The role includes leading and coordinating critical incidents, driving clear communication across internal teams, management, vendors and regulators, identifying recurring risks and improvements, and ensuring that the organization maintains a strong and compliant operational resilience framework.
Coordinates the implementation of assigned processes across company departments, ensuring alignment with business requirements and corporate strategy.
Responsible for resolving incidents in compliance with DORA requirements, to maintain the organization’s digital operational resilience.
Acts as Crisis Manager during major incidents, coordinating teams and ensuring timely communication with management.
Provides support to company management and ensures adequate communication to internal and external stakeholders during crisis situations.
Collaborates on the development and maintenance of incident management process methodology, in line with DORA framework, ISO standards, and internal policies.
Cooperates or leads optimization of process management, including automation and change initiatives.
Supports integration of assigned processes with other company processes.
Guides identification of innovative changes aimed at improving efficiency of assigned processes.
Delivers team training on DORA requirements and ensures compliance with legislative and regulatory obligations.
Provides consultations and training on assigned processes within the company.
Defines metrics and indicators for reporting purposes.
Supports investigation and diagnosis of incidents.
Oversees proper escalation of incidents.
Monitors compliance with incident management guidelines.
Provides support to company management and ensures sufficient information flow to internal and external users.
Acts as backup for the Problem Manager in their absence.
Works on improving incident resolution processes to prevent recurrence and increase efficiency.
Monitors the progress of incident resolution and evaluates its success.
Supports the MoD role (Manager on Duty on call).
What qualifications are important for this job
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Excel - Advanced
Microsoft PowerPoint - Advanced
ITIL framework - Advanced
Personality requirements and skills
Strong communication skills
Excellent organizational and presentation skills
Proactive approach with the ability to propose and drive solutions
High attention to detail
Analytical thinking and problem-solving skills
Ability to make decisions
Strong sense of responsibility and accountability
Perks and benefits
Flexible home office and flexible working time
Extra days off: vacation plus, birthday day off and sick days
Multisport program
Sports facilities for employees: yoga, ice arena, mini football and volleyball
24/7 psychological helpline and sessions with professional counselors
Health care allowance
Development through internal and external trainings
Free coffee and tea at the workplace and regular fruit days
Office events, sports day, summer party and regular webinars
Cafeteria benefits system to choose benefit of your preference
Loyalty reward
Transportation allowance
Supplementary Pension plan contribution
Bike room and showers in the office
Who we are
Established in 2000 as a division of Tatra banka, RPC is a shared service centre of Raiffeisen Bank International (RBI).
In 2008, we evolved into a separate company, solidifying our position as a strategic hub for centralizing the group's card payment operations with specialization in card issuing, acquiring, fraud risk monitoring, and digital payments.
We bring fresh, innovative payment technologies across the European region, which guarantees our employees to be part of many exciting projects in multiple CEE countries.
Besides Tatra banka in Slovakia and UBB in Bulgaria, we are proud to have among our clients Raiffeisen banks from Austria, Albania, Czech Republic, Croatia, Romania, Hungary, Serbia, Ukraine, and Kosovo, which makes us one of the largest processing companies in the region.
Come be a part of RPC as we shape the future of payment technology! If you're passionate about innovation and want to join a collaborative and international team, we'd love to have you with us.
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Pavlina Laukova
E-mail:
send CV
APPLY FOR A JOB
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Make it happen
ID:
5220669
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.1.2026
2026-01-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
,
Risk Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Raiffeisen Processing Centre (RPC)
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month