Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Cloud Architect For Open Sovereign Cloud
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 200 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 200 EUR/month.
Project Description
Sovereign Cloud is T-Systems' cloud offering for clients with high sovereignty needs. Clients in regulated sectors such as healthcare and the public sector are put in complete charge of their data – on an open-source platform, hosted in Europe. Our focus is to build new product – Sovereign Cloud within T-systems international cloud portfolio.
The Cloud Architect (DCI) is responsible for designing, planning, and scaling data center infrastructure to support business and customer needs. This role oversees hardware capacity planning and the full lifecycle management of servers and network devices, while managing procurement activities for servers, switches, and related infrastructure components. The architect designs customer connectivity solutions tailored to individual requirements, applying a strong understanding of network and data center technical concepts and available connectivity options. The role ensures efficient and optimal use of data center infrastructure resources and works closely with internal engineering, operations, and business teams to align infrastructure design with operational and strategic objectives. In addition, the DCI Squad Architect plays a key role in the build-up and expansion of new OSC regions, driving infrastructure and network readiness for scalable, production-grade deployments.
What will you do?
You are responsible for the technical solution architecture and the development of various services
You will drive and promote the necessary architecture discussions to ensure that our solutions meet all requirements
You facilitate & lead technical workshops with partners and clients
Manage hardware capacity planning and lifecycle of servers and network devices
Handle procurement activities for servers, switches, and related infrastructure components
Design and plan customer connectivity solutions tailored to individual requirements and available option (understanding of network Technical concepts)
Ensure efficient use of data center infrastructure resources
Collaborate with internal teams to align infrastructure design with business and operational needs
Build-up of new OSC regions
You will succeed if you:
Solid understanding of data center architecture, including servers, storage, and network infrastructure.
Strong knowledge of networking concepts (e.g., routing, switching, VLANs, BGP, redundancy, and connectivity models).
Experience with hardware capacity planning, infrastructure scaling, and lifecycle management.
Hands-on experience with procurement processes, vendor management, and technical evaluations.
Ability to design customer connectivity solutions tailored to specific technical and business requirements.
Experience collaborating with cross-functional teams such as operations, engineering, and product.
Familiarity with building and scaling infrastructure across multiple regions or data centers.
speak fluent English (C1) - German is considered as an advantage (B2)
are Kubernetes experienced
cloud-based architecture experienced
advanced in security concepts
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
2 200 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 200 EUR/month.
Contact
Contact person: Anna Heveryová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5220190
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.1.2026
2026-01-19
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Architect
,
Programmer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month