DBA Specialist
NESS KE, s.r.o.
Place of work
Továrenská 8, Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
1 700 EUR/month
Salary: From 1700 EUR/month, depending on skills and experience + benefits. The final offer for the selected candidate will reflect the candidate´s comprehensive assessment, skills, and past work experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Why Ness
We know that people are our greatest asset. Our staff’s professionalism, innovation, teamwork, and dedication to excellence have helped us become one of the world’s leading technology companies. It is these qualities that are vital to our continued success. As a Ness employee, you will be working on products and platforms for some of the most innovative software companies in the world.You’ll gain knowledge by working alongside other highly skilled professionals that will help accelerate your career progression.You’ll also benefit from an array of advantages like access to training and certifications, bonuses, and aids, socializing activities and attractive compensation.
Requirements and responsibilities
We are looking fora highly motivated Database Specialist to take part in developing a unified infrastructure data layer for large Organizations. The applications are deployed on multiple platforms and databases.
We are looking for a team player who is independent and with high ability for self-learning.
What you'll bring:
Database design and large-scale data migration.
Extension of Actimize databases to AWS cloud and migration from Oracle to Postgres engine
Development of large-scale applications for large organizations for On-Prem and cloud deployments.
Full ownership over the development lifecycle of features according to design documents and enterprise software standards.
Design and develop for multiple platforms deployment, databases, and application servers.
Interface with various R&D groups and with support tiers
Key skillsets:
5+ years of experience with SQL and relational DB environments such as Oracle, MSSQL, and PostgreSQL. Experience with database design, database optimization, large-scale data migration, and cloud
2+years ofindustry experiencein Java Development and Web Applications
A comprehensive familiarity and proven experience in OOD/OOP
Self-motivated and fast learner with a strong sense of ownership and drive
Nice to have:
Backend Experience in one of the following: Java, Scala
Experience with CI/CD technologies (Jenkins etc.)
Knowledge in secure code practices.
​
Other information:
Salary: From 1700 EUR/month, depending on skills and experience + benefits. The final offer for the selected candidate will reflect the candidate´s comprehensive assessment, skills, and past work experience.
Contract for a one‑year term.
Not checking every single requirement? If this role sounds good to you, even if you don't meet every single bullet point in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. For most of the candidates that applied, we found a role that was a very good fit with their skills. Let's meet and you may just be the right candidate for one of our roles. At Ness Digital Engineering we are willing to build a work culture that is based on diversification, inclusion, and authenticity.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Experience in the position/sector
3
Number of years of experience
3
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Ness KDC was established in 2005 and is the flagship Software Delivery and Innovations Center of the Ness Digital Engineering corporation.
In the area of software engineering, it is our top-quality services, individual customer approach and ability to achieve targets which are most highly valued by our clients. Thanks to these, Ness Kosice enjoys long-term business relationships with its customers. Our teams of professionals first process and analyze client’s requirements; then, through cooperation with the client, they use the newest technology to fulfil these requirements in an “agile” environment.
Our glowing references and strong corporate background continuously attract the interest of new clients. As a result, Ness KDC is now one of the most important employers in the region with a workforce of more than 600 people.
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Alina Radu
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5220529
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.1.2026
2026-01-20
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Database Administrator
,
Database Analyst
Spoločnosť:
NESS KE, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 700 EUR/month