Lenovo Slovakia
Benefits
Jobs
Contact us
Senior Amazon Web Content Specialist with French language or Italian - part time & limited contract for 1 year
What do you need to succeed in this opportunity
- You have a strong interest in keyword management & SEO in order to ensure that the content you create is effective in driving sales performance.
- Experience with similar position
- English & French spoken and written is a must / or English & Italian
- Strong user experience of Photoshop would be a plus
Required education
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
French - Upper intermediate (B2)
What will you do
Amazon is one of Lenovo EMEA’ top consumer customers. In order to sell effectively on their website, we need to utilise Lenovo brand assets and upload to create Amazon listings (ASINS). This requires organization, attention to detail, an interest in the electronics industry and good interpersonal skills. You will report into the International Retailer Account Director as part of a team of four individuals. Your daily contact points will be your team, Line Manager and the Sales and Marketing team of the countries that you manage the content for. You will be the key contributor to showcase the Lenovo brand on the Amazon platform so will be very much at the heart of the business for the market that you work for.
These are your detailed responsibilities:
- Creating new products on the Amazon platform for Lenovo using existing brand assets and technical information.
- Organization of daily tasks to ensure that products are created and uploaded in a timely manner.
- Working very closely with local Amazon Key Account Managers and Marketing in order to make sure you are optimizing the products to ensure strong sales performance.
- You will be critical in creating a best-in-class customer experience when customers seek information on the Lenovo brand in Amazon.
- Ad hoc participation in projects to drive overall execution excellence on specific product groups such as gaming & Chromebook or with alliance partners such as Intel, Nvidia, Google and AMD.
- We will teach you to utilise Amazon Vendor Central to upload the information
Organization
You will report to the International Retailer Account Director for EMEA Consumer supporting Lenovo in Spain (mandatory Spanish language requirement) and one other market dependent on languages spoken. You will participate in weekly collaborative planning calls and meetings.
Other information
Place of work:
Landererova 12, Old Town, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Salary offer (gross):
From 975 EUR/month
Base gross monthly salary from minimum 975 EUR and above, depending on experience + variable part 12% of your annual earnings
Contract type:
full-time, part-time
What we offer
Healthcare and well-being
Development
Work - life balance
Bonus system
Community life (CSR)
About Lenovo
Lenovo is a company in a constant state of
creation.
Here, you'll
architect
your own career,
pioneer
new ideas and
master
new skills.
Lenovo Slovakia employs more than
25 nationalities
and
is the biggest shared service center in Lenovo Group.
Our people share a common aspiration to
be the very best.
Whether
serving
our customers,
working
together as a team or
contributing
to the community, we are working to build
unique company.
APPLY
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5220615
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.1.2026
2026-01-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
E-Commerce Specialist
,
Online shop administrator
,
SEO analyst
,
Webmaster
Spoločnosť:
Lenovo (Slovakia) s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
975 EUR/month