About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Student Data & AI Support Engineer
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
part-time
Wage (gross)
From 10 EUR/hour
The minimum gross base salary for this role is 10 EUR/ per hour. Our final offer to you will be set up fairly, considering the skills and experience that you bring to the Swiss Re Group.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you a curious and driven student with a passion for data, AI, and emerging technologies? Join our Product Area Research & Sustainability as a Student Data & AI Support  Engineer and work at the intersection of sustainability, technology, and innovation.
About the role and our team
As part of a globally distributed and cross-functional team, you'll support and enhance a variety  of platforms at Swiss Re. Whether it's contributing to our AI prototypes, validating data  pipelines, or assisting with platform QA, your work will support impactful initiatives across our business.
This is a flexible role where your interests and skills can help shape your contributions - whether in data engineering, quality assurance, machine learning, or sustainable tech. You'll have the  opportunity to learn, experiment, and collaborate in a dynamic environment.
What you'll do
• Data Quality & Testing - Support data validation, test automation, and QA tasks across dashboards and analytics platforms.
• AI & ML Exploration - Contribute to the development or testing of AI use cases such as NLP, classification models, or GenAI tools.• Tooling & Integration - Help manage data workflows using tools like Azure Data Factory, Power BI, or Foundry pipelines.
• Portfolio Support – Assist in maintaining our evolving application portfolio and help onboard new APIs or data services.
• Collaboration & Documentation - Work with engineers and analysts, contribute to team meetings, and help improve process documentation.
Information about the selection process
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
• Currently pursuing a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering, or a related field
• Comfortable with the basics of Python and SQL, any other is a plus• Interested in one or more of the following: QA, data engineering, AI/ML, or sustainable technologies
• Analytical thinker with a keen eye for detail and quality
• Eager to learn, ask questions, and grow in a supportive team setting
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Livia Pasztorova
Apply here
ID:
5220054
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.1.2026
2026-01-19
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
,
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
10 EUR/hour