Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior Cyber Security Defender Engineer with German
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
We are looking for a senior technical expert responsible for the design, implementation, and operation of security technologies, software deployment, and data center operations. The candidate will play a key role in ensuring high availability, security, and performance of IT infrastructure.
Team description
Join the team at Operational Services GmbH, within Deutsche Telekom Systems Solutions Slovakia, providing opportunities for talented IT professionals in Slovakia. OS is one of the leading ICT service providers in the German market and is considered the backbone of digitization for medium-sized companies. With almost 1,000 highly qualified employees, OS develops and operates state-of-the-art IT systems for our customers, ensures long-term system support, and maintains the availability of critical business processes.
If you are excited to join an English and German-speaking team that values innovation and teamwork, our team would be the perfect fit for you.
What will you do?
Operate, maintain, and troubleshoot security solutions in data center and hybrid/cloud environments.
Handle incident, change, and problem tickets related to security systems.
Deploy, configure, and maintain Microsoft Defender, Sophos, and related security tools.
Continuously improve the reliability, performance, and security of IT services.
Collaborate with internal teams, customers, and vendors on implementation projects.
Support onboarding, training, and documentation for security tools and procedures.
Scope of Work:
Work independently or as part of the team to implement and maintain security solutions.
Operate and manage Microsoft Defender (Endpoint, Cloud, Identity, Cloud Apps, O365).
Operate and manage Sophos Intercept X (EDR/XDR) and Sophos SG/XG Firewalls.
Install, configure, and maintain security-related tools and monitoring systems.
Ensure security policies and best practices are implemented across infrastructure (servers, networks, cloud, endpoints).
Some training can be provided if required, but a strong foundational knowledge is essential.
You will succeed if you:
The ideal candidate will have at least 3 years of experience in:
Microsoft Defender solutions (Defender XDR)
Administration of Endpoint/Extended Detection and Response (EDR/XDR) solutions
Operation of Microsoft Defender suite (Endpoint, Cloud, Identity, Cloud Apps, O365)
Operation of Sophos Intercept X (EDR/XDR) and Sophos SG/XG Firewalls
Installation and maintenance of related security tools
Solid overall IT infrastructure knowledge (servers, networks, cloud, endpoints) with a strong security focus
Desired Certifications:
SC-900: Microsoft Security, Compliance and Identity Fundamentals
SC-200: Microsoft Security Operations Analyst
Sophos Certified Technician – Central Endpoint and Server
Languages:
English – Intermediate (B1)
German – Upper Intermediate (B2)
Other Criteria / Requirements:
Strong hands-on mentality and structured in planning and execution.
Experienced in implementing security solutions in enterprise environments.
Team player with ability to work independently when needed.
Willingness to learn and develop further in security technologies; training can be provided if required.
Possible specialisation
Participation on on-call duties , independent solving and troubleshooting of incidents and errors within defined expertise.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lívia Tomečková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5221845
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.1.2026
2026-01-21
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 850 EUR/month