Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Azure Local Senior ICT Engineer for OS GmbH
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
We are looking for a senior technical expert responsible for the design, implementation, and operation of Azure local / on-premises and hybrid cloud solutions. The candidate will play a key role in supporting and optimizing on-premises and hybrid Azure environments, ensuring high availability, security, and performance of services.
Team description
Join the team at operational services GmbH within Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia, offering opportunities for German- and English-speaking talents in Slovakia. OS is one of the leading ICT service providers in the German market and is considered the backbone of digitalization for medium-sized companies. With nearly 1,300 highly qualified employees, OS develops and operates state-of-the-art IT systems, ensures long-term system support, and maintains the availability of critical business processes.
What will you do?
Operate, maintain, and troubleshoot Azure local/on-premises infrastructure (2nd / 3rd level support).
Ensure smooth operations and security of on-prem and hybrid cloud services in line with enterprise standards.
Handle incident, change, and problem management tickets related to Azure local environments.
Continuously improve the reliability, performance, and security of on-prem and hybrid Azure solutions.
Collaborate with customers, vendors, and internal teams on local/hybrid cloud implementation projects.
Support onboarding, training, and documentation for new Azure technologies.
Participate in solution design, automation, and optimization initiatives.
Work independently or as part of the team to implement and maintain secure Azure local/hybrid solutions.
Deploy and manage Azure Stack, Virtual Networks, Storage Accounts, VMs, Azure Active Directory, and RBAC in on-prem or hybrid environments.
Perform on-premises and hybrid cloud infrastructure configuration, management, and optimization.
Conduct manufacturer/vendor training to maintain up-to-date expertise.
Provide support and consultation for hybrid or multi-cloud deployments.
You will succeed if you:
Have at least 2–3 years of experience in cloud and infrastructure operations, including:
2nd / 3rd Level Support knowledge in Azure local / hybrid environments
Experience with Azure Storage, VMs, Networking, Active Directory, RBAC, and security governance
Hands-on experience with scripting / automation (PowerShell, Azure CLI, Terraform) – advantage
ITIL knowledge for incident/change/problem management
Understanding of hybrid infrastructure and on-prem/cloud integration
Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills
Desired Certifications:
• Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate (AZ-104)
Microsoft Certified: Azure Solutions Architect (AZ-305) – advantage
ITIL Foundation – advantage
Languages:
• English – Upper Intermediate (B2)
German – Advantage (Nice to have)
Other Criteria / Requirements:
• Strong hands-on mentality, structured in planning and execution
Experience in implementing Azure local/hybrid solutions in critical environments
Strong team player with the ability to work independently
Willingness to continuously learn and develop Azure and hybrid cloud competencies
Possible specialisation
Participation on on-call duties , independent solving and troubleshooting of incidents and errors within defined expertise
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lívia Tomečková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5221398
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.1.2026
2026-01-21
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 850 EUR/month