O nás
Voľné pozície
Benefity
EN
SK
Staň sa súčasťou tímu vizionárov
Vytvárajme spolu budúcnosť kybernetickej bezpečnosti
späť na voľné pracovné miesta
Experienced UX Designer
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 3 700 EUR/month
* The final basic wage component can be increased accordingly to individual skills and experience of the selected candidate.
* Financial bonus based on performance paid twice a year up to 15% from the base salary paid during the evaluation period (normally 6 months).
Contract type
full-time
Would you like to define the User Experience for a global software company with more than 100 million users? The User Experience Team at ESET is looking for a talented designer with passion for innovation and the motivation to take the design and usability of our products, services, and related touch points to a new level.
Primary working location of this position is Bratislava, but if you are able to work from Košice, Prague or Brno we can discuss all possibilities.
As a member of global User Experience Team at ESET headquarters, you will utilize your previous experience to shape the future of ESET security products and services for business customers around the world, including some of the most famous global corporations (airlines, banks, car manufacturers and others).
ESET is a leading creator of security solutions and protects customers in 200+ countries and to continue to provide a world-class experience for our users and we are expanding our UX efforts and team.
Responsibilities
As a senior member of the User Experience team, you will lead and own the design of user experiences across multiple products or complex touchpoints. You will collaborate with variety of stakeholders including product management, solution architects, engineering, marketing, and business leadership to define the best possible experience for our users.
You will be responsible for end-to-end design execution, contribution to UX strategy, ensure consistency and quality of user experience across ESET Business ecosystem by aligning with design patterns and usability best practices throughout the design process, including research, design, validation, and iteration of design solutions.
From antivirus applications for families to Extended Detection & Response platforms for security-forensics-experts, we provide a broad portfolio of interesting solutions to vastly different groups of customers. Our products are highly interconnected, run on all modern platforms such as Windows, macOS, Linux, Android, iOS, and the web and in many cases on more than one of those. ESET also provides many services to customers and partners which in turn are connected to our products. This makes ESET an unusually interesting challenge for new and also experienced designers.
Based on your skills, interests, and projects, you will
Lead the design of complex user journeys and flows to ensure the best end-to-end experiences across multiple touchpoints for our users
Drive collaborative design iterations with cross-functional stakeholders, influencing decisions and alignment
Plan and conduct design validation through usability testing, data, and analytics, translating insights into actionable improvements
Actively contribute to and help shape broader UX initiatives, processes, and best practices within the team
For this role we are looking for
At least 5 - 6 years of experience with UX-related work
Experience working on complex digital products
Relevant education (UX, Interaction Design, Visual Communications, Architecture, Product Design or similar)
A proactive “can-do” attitude is must :)
Analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to understand technical topics quickly
Excellent communication, cooperation, and presentation skills to wide range of audiences
Fluent English (verbal and written)
Bonus points for
Experience with B2B products
Experience with Service Design
Experience with usability testing and analytics
Sounds interesting?
If you are interested in position, please send us work samples that you find relevant and are good representations of your skills.
When selecting the samples, consider these points
We’d like to see how you think and what your design process looks like.
We especially like sketches, storyboards, scenarios, navigation flows, conceptual models.
Explain how things work, how they are connected and why they are designed this way.
For commercial or group projects, tell us what exactly your role and contribution was.
Please do not send only shiny pixels without reasoning or process behind ;)
This position is a maternity leave cover.
Kontaktná osoba
Marika Fiamínová
Poslať životopis
BENEFITY PRE TEBA
Flexibilita
Firemné podujatia
Benefity pre celú rodinu
Šport a zdravie Wellbeing
A ešte viac…
O ESETe
Spoločnosť ESET je globálnym lídrom v oblasti digitálnej bezpečnosti a je jedným z najväčších dodávateľov bezpečnostných riešení v Európskej únii. Zároveň je najväčšou a najoceňovanejšou IT firmou na Slovensku.
Už viac ako 30 rokov vyvíjame popredný softvér a služby zamerané na IT bezpečnosť a ochranu podnikov, kritickej infraštruktúry a domácností z celého sveta
Okrem vytvárania bezpečnostných riešení pre zákazníkov je našim cieľom aj aktívne prispievať k inovatívnej a zodpovednej spoločnosti v oblasti
vzdelávania
,
vedy
a
výskumu
.
V ESETe sú diverzita, rovnosť a inklúzia (DEI) neoddeliteľnou súčasťou firemnej kultúry. Sme hrdým signatárom a ambasádorom
Charty diverzity
. Snažíme sa vytvárať pracovné
prostredie
, kde sa každý cíti cenený a rešpektovaný. S otvorenosťou vítame záujem jednotlivcov zo všetkých prostredí -  vrátane rasy, pohlavia, veku, náboženstva, zdravotného znevýhodnenia, či sexuálnej orientácie.
Viac sa o nás dozviete na
našej stránke
.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5221145
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.1.2026
2026-01-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
User Experience Expert
Spoločnosť:
ESET, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 700 EUR/month