Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
VMware Senior ICT Engineer OS GmbH
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
We are looking for a senior technical expert responsible for the design and implementation of assigned technologies, software deployment, and data center operations.
Team description
Join the team at operational services GmbH within Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia, offering opportunities for German- and English-speaking talents in Slovakia. OS is one of the leading ICT service providers in the German market and is considered the backbone of digitalization for medium-sized companies. With nearly 1,300 highly qualified employees, OS develops and operates state-of-the-art IT systems, ensures long-term system support, and maintains the availability of critical business processes.
What will you do?
The team is responsible for operations in the data center, software deployment, and handling activities such as incident/change/problem tickets, as well as continuous improvements to services.
Scope of work
Work as part of the team or independently to implement and maintain solutions.
You will succeed if you:
Have at least 3 years of experience with the following:
Knowledge in HPE Hardware
Automation and standardization in VMware environment
Knowledge of VMware Cloud Foundation 5.2 or later and all included products
Basic Network Skills
Automation & Scripting with PowerCLI
Advanced knowledge of SAN and vSAN
Desired Certifications:
The ideal candidate must have one of the following certifications:
VCP – VMware Cloud Foundation Administrator
VCP - Data Center Virtualization
Languages:
English - Upper Intermediate (B2)
German – Advantage (Nice to have)
Other criteria or requirements:
You are experienced in implementing IT solutions.
You bring a hands-on mentality. You are organized in planning implementation steps and align with all relevant stakeholders.
You are a team player.
Possible specialisation
Participation on on-call duties , independent solving and troubleshooting of incidents and errors within defined expertise.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lívia Tomečková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5221405
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.1.2026
2026-01-21
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 850 EUR/month