Kariéra
v NN
www.nn.sk
O spoločnosti
Voľné pozície
Benefity
Kariéra v NN
Underwriting
Data
Analyst
(m,
f,
x)
Workplace
Remote work
Salary
3 000 EUR/month
Type of employment
full-time
What
will
your
agenda
be?
Help shape the future of underwriting through data, analytics, and innovation.
At NN Group, we are transforming our underwriting function to become more data‑driven, harmonised, and ready for AI. As an Underwriting Data Analyst, you will analyse, compare, and improve underwriting rules across multiple international markets and turn data into meaningful business impact.
What you will do:
In this role, you will turn data into insights and insights into meaningful improvements. You will analyse and refine underwriting rules across markets, directly contributing to NN’s transformation toward AI assisted and insight driven processes.
Core Responsibilities:
• Analyse and compare local underwriting rules across NN’s international business units
• Identify patterns, overlaps, and opportunities for harmonisation and improvement
• Use data analytics to uncover insights that guide decision-making and enhance efficiency
• Collaborate with local business units to interpret findings and present complex results clearly
• Translate underwriting data into improvements for AI assisted decision-making
You will also support:
Core Underwriting Foundation
• Harmonisation of underwriting rules
• Reviewing underwriting effectiveness using claims data
• Contributing to NN’s Underwriting Philosophy and risk appetite definition
Pricing
• Helping to integrate granular lapse/mortality insights into pricing
• Exploring new data sources for segmentation
• Supporting monitoring of predicted vs. actual experience
AI Facilitation
• Supporting governance of AI underwriting agents
• Monitoring AI driven decision quality and consistency
Who
fits
in
our
team?
Who you are
You are curious, analytical, and able to see the story behind the numbers. You enjoy working with diverse markets and cultures and can communicate complex data insights in a clear, accessible way. You also bring:
• Strong analytical skills (data/business experience welcomed)
• Interest in underwriting or insurance
• Experience with Python, SQL, Excel, Power BI or Tableau
• Ability to translate complex data into clear business recommendations
• Comfort working in an international and collaborative environment
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
economic, technical
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
Python - Skillful
SQL - Skillful
Microsoft Power Bi - Skillful
Microsoft Excel - Skillful
Tableau - Skillful
Benefits
• An inclusive, inspiring work environment with opportunities to develop
• A fully remote role offered as a virtual assignment
• 4‑day / 5‑day working week
• Employer contribution to life insurance and retirement savings
• Employer contribution to mobility (parking or transportation)
• Employer contribution to meals / meal allowance
• Contribution to sports and massages / Multisport card
• Recreation allowance
• Recovery leave
• Vitality days
• Paid leave days beyond statutory entitlement
• Health days, online webinars and exercise sessions
• Various workshops throughout the year focused on work‑life balance
• Development and training programs
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
NN Životná poisťovňa a.s. a dôchodkové spoločnosti is a part of NN Group, a financial services provider active in 20 countries, with leading position in a number of European markets and in Japan. Our roots lie in the Netherlands, with a rich history that stretches back 175 years.
With our 15,000 employees, NN provides retirement services, pensions, insurance, investments and banking to approximately 18 million customers.
Our purpose is to help people care for what matters the most to them. We offer pension services, insurance, investment opportunities and banking products. We aim to be a company that matters in the lives of our stakeholders.
The most valuable thing we have in NN are our people. Our aim is to provide our colleagues with ideal working conditions and equally motivating remuneration. We too have our families, friends and hobbies, so we know how important time to relax is. That is why we offer a wide range of financial and non-financial benefits, primarily aimed at maintaining a balance between work and personal life.
We are all equal
At NN we are all similar, but not the same. That is our greatest strength. We believe our society is strongest when we embrace the full spectrum of people, regardless of appearance, background, and who we love. And that is why at NN we support diversity, equal human rights and opportunities for everyone.
We are building a company where our colleagues can be themselves without fear and where an inclusive customer experience is key. We contribute to the well-being of all our communities without distinction.
We are also a proud signatory of the Diversity Charter
We offer the opportunity to work at NN to graduates and newcomers, but we also respect knowledge of our more experienced colleagues.
NN in Slovakia
We are the leader on the Slovak pension market not only in terms of the number of clients II. and III. pillar, but also in the volume of managed pension savings. We are also one of the leading providers of life insurance, which offers its clients and their families the certainty of financial security in times of need. According to a survey by KPMG, today NN is among the top 20 most popular brands on the Slovak market. We greatly appreciate the trust of our clients and thank them for their patronage.
In Slovakia, the following companies fall under the NN brand:
NN Životná poisťovňa, a.s.
NN Dôchodková správcovská spoločnosť, a.s.
NN Tatry-Sympatia, d.d.s., a.s.
NN Finančné služby, s.r.o.
Main focus of the company's activities
Financial consultancy, intermediation of financial services and insurance
Information about the selection process
Odoslaním Vášho životopisu, motivačného listu, príp. ďalších príloh beriete na vedomie, že NN spoloční prevádzkovatelia (NN Životná poisťovňa, a.s., IČO: 35 691 999, NN dôchodková správcovská spoločnosť, a.s., IČO: 35 902 981, NN Tatry - Sympatia, d.d.s., a.s., IČO: 35 976 853, NN Finančné služby, s.r.o., IČO: 55 299 491, kontaktná adresa: Jesenského 4/C, 811 02 Bratislava) spracúvajú Vami poskytnuté osobné údaje na účel výberového konania na uvedenú pracovnú pozíciu. Poskytnutie osobných údajov je nevyhnutné na vykonanie opatrení pred uzatvorením zmluvy na základe Vašej žiadosti ako dotknutej osoby v zmysle čl. 6 ods. 1 písm. b) všeobecného nariadenia o ochrane údajov, neposkytnutie osobných údajov na uvedený účel znemožňuje účasť na výberovom konaní. NN spoloční prevádzkovatelia uchovávajú osobné údaje po dobu trvania predzmluvných vzťahov; v prípade ak k vzniku zmluvného vzťahu nedôjde, tak NN spoloční prevádzkovatelia Vaše osobné údaje zlikvidujú do 6 mesiacov od poskytnutia osobných údajov. Máte právo požadovať prístup k osobným údajom, ktoré sa Vás týkajú, právo na opravu osobných údajov, právo na vymazanie a/alebo obmedzenie spracúvania osobných údajov, právo na prenositeľnosť osobných údajov, právo podať sťažnosť na spracúvanie osobných údajov orgánu dozoru - Úradu na ochranu osobných údajov Slovenskej republiky. Osobné údaje nie sú predmetom automatizovaného individuálneho rozhodovania vrátane profilovania. Prípadné otázky týkajúce sa ochrany osobných údajov adresujte zodpovednej osobe prostredníctvom e-mailovej adresy
dpo@nn.sk
. Ďalšie informácie o spracúvaní poskytnutých osobných údajov sú dostupné na
www.nn.sk
.
Contact
Contact person: Jana Šimková
Tel.:
+421905786921
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5221519
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.1.2026
2026-01-21
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
Insurance Underwriter
,
Risk Specialist
Spoločnosť:
NN Životná poisťovňa, a.s.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month