Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Network ICT Engineer
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 300 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
We are looking for a senior technical expert responsible for the design, implementation, and operation of network infrastructure and security solutions. The candidate will play a key role in supporting and optimizing complex network environments, ensuring high availability, performance, and security of services.
Team description
Join the team at Operational Services GmbH, within Deutsche Telekom Systems Solutions Slovakia, providing opportunities for German-speaking talents in Slovakia. OS is one of the leading ICT service providers in the German market and is considered the backbone of digitization in medium-sized companies. With almost 1,000 highly qualified employees, OS develops and operates the most modern IT systems for our customers, ensures long-term system support, and maintains the availability of critical business processes.
If you are excited to join an English and German-speaking team that values innovation and teamwork, our team would be the perfect fit for you.
What will you do?
Operate, maintain, and troubleshoot network infrastructure (2nd level support).
Ensure smooth operations in line with critical infrastructure (KRITIS) requirements.
Handle incident, change, and problem management tickets.
Continuously improve the reliability and security of network services.
Collaborate with customers, vendors, and internal teams on implementation projects.
Support onboarding, training, and documentation for new technologies.
Scope of Work:
Work as part of a team or independently to implement and maintain secure network solutions.
Deploy and manage Cisco, HP, F5 LTM, Cisco ACI, Meraki.
Configure and maintain Cisco security technologies, including Cisco firewalls (e.g., ASA, Firepower).
Perform manufacturer-based training to maintain up-to-date expertise.
You will succeed if you:
The ideal candidate will have at least 2–3 years of operations and support experience, including:
2nd / 3rd level support experience with Cisco components
Experience with Cisco firewall technologies (Cisco ASA / Firepower)
2nd / 3rd level support experience with deployed network services
Support knowledge of HP, F5 LTM, Cisco ACI, and Meraki
2nd / 3rd level support experience with Azure Cloud
Support experience with SDSL components
Basic / vendor training for deployed network components.
Experience in critical infrastructure (KRITIS)
Airport-specific knowledge and training (e.g., GFA, apron, etc.)
Desired Certifications (updated):
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) – must
Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP – Security specialization) – advantage
F5 Certified Technology Specialist - advantage
ITIL Foundation – advantage
Languages:
English –  Upper Intermediate (B2)
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 300 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lívia Tomečková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5221415
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.1.2026
2026-01-21
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Network Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 300 EUR/month