Internship in EMEA Pricing and Analytics Team (opportunity for university students)
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
internship, work experience
Wage (gross)
8 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Our opportunity
Internship in EMEA Pricing and Analytics Team (opportunity for university students)
Are you eager to gain practical experience in a professional setting? Would you like to join an international team of like-minded peers and make an impact?
If so, we have a fantastic opportunity waiting for you!
We are looking for an intern who is eager to learn, grow, and contribute to our team’s success. At Zurich, we’ll support your development and help you build both professional and personal skills.
Relevant previous experience is always advantageous, but don’t be afraid to apply even without it. We want to meet motivated and talented people like you.
You will learn insurance specific skills on the job, with us!
Become a member of EMEA Pricing and Analytics Team supporting EMEA Regional Pricing team and General Insurance Pricing teams across EMEA in various analytical activities.
As a Pricing Analyst Intern you will prepare and analyze complex data, build dashboards to support risk analysis and portfolio management, and develop and validate predictive models to estimate customer’s risk using advanced modelling techniques.
Your role
As Intern in EMEA Pricing and Analytics Team, your main responsibilities will involve:
Prepare and pre-process data for actuarial analysis and analytical solutions using scripting languages such as Python and R
Assist Business Units in preparing inputs for Country Underwriting Planning
Build tools and dashboards to monitor and analyze KPIs, ensuring ease of use and accessibility for stakeholders
Contribute to predictive modeling initiatives
Participate in team meetings, providing insights and updates on your progress.
Your skills & experience
Your skills and experience will ideally include:
Ongoing university education in one of the following fields: Actuarial Science, Finance, Statistics, Mathematics, Econometrics or similar (ideally 3rd or 4th year of university studies)
Communication skills, fluent in English
Creative, open-minded and proactive approach
Willingness to cooperate closely within an international team
Why Zurich?
Flexible student job in a supportive, international team
Learn, grow, and opportunity to make a real impact
Gain hands-on experience in insurance and business operations
Additional Information
Wage:
8 EUR/hour gross
Location:
Bratislava, Mýtna 48
(possibility of occasional home office)
Schedule
: Part-time
(20 hours/week on average)
Type of contract:
Agreement on Student Work
Duration:
1 year
with possibility to prolong for another year
Expected date of completion of the selection process
20.2.2026
(there are still 30 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Educational Specialization
Actuarial & Pricing Analytics
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
Actuarial & Pricing Analytics
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Zurich is a leading multi-line insurer that serves its customers in global and local markets. With about 60,000 employees it provides a wide range of property and casualty, life insurance products and services in more than 200 countries and territories. Zurich’s customers include individuals, small businesses, and mid-sized and large companies, as well as multinational corporations.
Zurich Slovakia is a Competence Center based in Bratislava and Kosice providing highly specialized services for Zurich's headquarter in Switzerland and all Zurich Business units around the globe. Our services are focusing on all types of actuarial services – Life and Non-life, pricing and reserving, on data science and engineering, risk management, business intelligence, information technology, software asset management as well as insurance network management and technical accounting. Our Competence Center employs around 400+ staff from 20+ different countries.
At Zurich Insurance, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Nikola Bilkova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5221603
Dátum zverejnenia:
21.1.2026
2026-01-21
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Actuary
,
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
8 EUR/month