Site IS/IT Student Apprentice
Plastic Omnium Auto Inergy Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Lozorno
Contract type
agreement-based (Temporary jobs)
Start date
upon agreement
Wage (gross)
8 EUR/hour
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Hardware Preparation: Set up      and configure new hardware for users, including desktops, laptops, company      phones.
Software Installation: Install      and update software applications as needed.
User Support: Provide basic      technical support to users, including troubleshooting hardware and      software issues.
Inventory Management: Assist in      maintaining an inventory of IT equipment and supplies.
Documentation: Document IT      processes and user guides for common tasks.
General IT Tasks: Perform other      simple IT-related tasks as assigned by the supervisor.
Employee perks, benefits
Great opportunity to gain experience in an international company
Flexible working hours by agreement
Expected date of completion of the selection process
10.2.2026
(there are still 17 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
Educational Specialization
IT, IS
Language skills
English - Intermediate (B1)
Driving licence
B
Experience in the position/sector
IT, IS
Personality requirements and skills
Basic knowledge of computer      hardware and software.
Problem-solving skills and      attention to detail.
Excellent communication and      interpersonal skills.
Ability to work independently      and as part of a team.
Willingness to learn and adapt      to new technologies.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Hungry for challenges? Join a group with innovation at its heart and contribute to the automotive revolution!
OPmobility is a world-leading provider of innovative solutions for a unique, safer and more sustainable mobility experience. Innovation-driven since its creation, the Group develops and produces intelligent exterior systems, customized complex modules, lighting systems, clean energy systems and electrification solutions for all mobility companies. OPmobility relies on its 40,300 employees to meet the challenges of transforming mobility.
A world leader in onboard energy storage and emission reduction systems, OPmobility C-Power develops solutions for all types of powertrains including, gasoline, diesel, hybrids, plug-in hybrids and battery electric vehicles. Electrification is the driver of low-carbon mobility and with the E-Power business, OPmobility is developing battery packs, electronics and power electronics for heavy-duty mobility and light vehicles.
Our ambition? Provide automakers with cutting-edge equipment and solutions to develop tomorrow’s clean and connected car.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Katarína Uhrová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5222226
Dátum zverejnenia:
22.1.2026
2026-01-22
lokalita:
Lozorno
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Service Technician
Spoločnosť:
Plastic Omnium Auto Inergy Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
8 EUR/hour