One bank.
Many career paths.
#makeITmatter
Student Part-time QA Tester (all humans) #work&study
Location:
Bratislava, Bratislavský kraj, Slovakia
Working-Hours:
parttime_fixed_term
Division:
Group Digital Banking
Company:
Erste Digital
Apply now
Make a difference in the financial life of millions of people: At Erste Digital you are co-creating the digital future, in which better financial health is possible. #believeinyourself
We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle.
What to do:
Support test management and reporting
Manual Test execution and documentation
Participating in team meetings and communicating with other teams
Maintaining testcase portfolio
Reporting bugs and retesting them
You check these boxes:
Enrolled student with on-going program at university (Uni, FH)
Fluent English, German is an advantage
Passion for teamwork and continuous learning
Interested in learning what testing is about
Technical understanding for trouble shooting and analyzing bugs is an advantage
Why you will like us:
Possibility to benefit and learn from our international, talented and passionate community at Erste
Great learning curve through ownership and creative freedom.
Interest groups and clubs: Take part in discussions and get involved in projects. Numerous interest groups invite you to engage with a topic
Learning & Development – We are firmly convinced that every day is an opportunity for learning. Improve your know-how in workshops, seminars and through e-learning – from professional training to soft skills.
New way of work: With our flexible working hours model we want to make your life less complicated. Combing the best of both worlds, remote and company time.
We offer you a part-time internship position (20h/week). An internship salary starting up from 8€/h, depending on your skills and previous work experience is offered.
The way we are:
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are
            proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual
            orientation or origin.
Apply now
Follow us:
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5222896
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.1.2026
2026-01-23
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Tester
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Erste Digital GmbH
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
8 EUR/hour