ri-rpc.sk
Leading provider
of innovative and
reliable card
services
About us
Resource Manager
Place of work
Námestie Mateja Korvína 1, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 800 EUR/month
minimum 1 800€ + fixed allowances twice a year + bonus (if you are more senior please, don´t hesitate to share your expectations. Final salary depends on candidates level of experiences and skills.)
About the role
Take a unique opportunity to join our Project Management team and become part of strategic initiatives within the banking sector.
In this role, you will support and enable the delivery of medium to large-scale business, IT and migration projects by ensuring effective resource planning, allocation and utilization across projects.
You will collaborate closely with project managers, line managers and process owners, contributing to the development and maintenance of project and process methodologies in line with established frameworks, ISO standards and internal company standards.
Coordinates the introduction of entrusted processes to RPC departments, or their alignment with business requirements and RPC strategy.
Cooperates, or manages the optimization of process control, including automation and change.
Cooperates in the integration of entrusted processes with other processes within the RPC.
Methodically guides the identification of specific innovative changes leading to increasing the efficiency of entrusted processes.
Provides consultation and training on the entrusted process under the RPC.
Ensures the definition of metrics and indicators for reporting needs.
Consolidates all resource requests and tries to avoid capacity issues.
Manages the resource planning tool.
Prepares and provides statistics on resource utilization.
Organizes meetings with line managers, project managers and department heads to coordinate resource requirements.
This position is for maternity leave replacement but don't let the temporary nature of the position deter you – at our company, we value talent and dedication, and we always strive to retain exceptional team members!
What qualifications are important for this job
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
Microsoft PowerPoint - Skillful
Microsoft Excel - Skillful
Personality requirements and skills
Strong communication skills and excellent organizational and presentation skills
Proactive approach with the ability to propose and implement solutions
Strong attention to detail and decision-making skills
Analytical and structured thinking
High level of responsibility and accountability
Ability to effectively prioritize, allocate and optimize resources
Knowledge of ITIL framework (IT Service Management) is required
Perks and benefits
Flexible home office and flexible working time
Extra days off: vacation plus, birthday day off and sick days
Multisport program
Sports facilities for employees: yoga, ice arena, mini football and volleyball
24/7 psychological helpline and sessions with professional counselors
Health care allowance
Development through internal and external trainings
Free coffee and tea at the workplace and regular fruit days
Office events, sports day, summer party and regular webinars
Cafeteria benefits system to choose benefit of your preference
Loyalty reward
Transportation allowance
Supplementary Pension plan contribution
Bike room and showers in the office
Who we are
Established in 2000 as a division of Tatra banka, RPC is a shared service centre of Raiffeisen Bank International (RBI).
In 2008, we evolved into a separate company, solidifying our position as a strategic hub for centralizing the group's card payment operations with specialization in card issuing, acquiring, fraud risk monitoring, and digital payments.
We bring fresh, innovative payment technologies across the European region, which guarantees our employees to be part of many exciting projects in multiple CEE countries.
Besides Tatra banka in Slovakia and UBB in Bulgaria, we are proud to have among our clients Raiffeisen banks from Austria, Albania, Czech Republic, Croatia, Romania, Hungary, Serbia, Ukraine, and Kosovo, which makes us one of the largest processing companies in the region.
Come be a part of RPC as we shape the future of payment technology! If you're passionate about innovation and want to join a collaborative and international team, we'd love to have you with us.
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Pavlina Laukova
E-mail:
send CV
APPLY FOR A JOB
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Make it happen
ID:
5222430
Dátum zverejnenia:
22.1.2026
2026-01-22
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
IT Project Manager
,
Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Raiffeisen Processing Centre (RPC)
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 800 EUR/month