Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Non technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior Customer (Service) Delivery Manager with German language
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 600 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
Accountable for the end-to-end delivery for customer accounts, or cluster of accounts, with a focus on quality and cost and the delivery liaison between the customer and the delivery organization (e.g. CS CMS). Foster strong collaboration and direct communication with the Service Management (CSM) organization and both internal and external delivery units/suppliers.
What will you do?
Key accountabilities
Service Delivery:
Oversee end-to-end delivery operations model of the contracted cloud services for customer/s balancing cost & quality across cloud service offerings.
Collaboration & Communication:
Maintain regular communication with delivery teams and suppliers, as needed, regarding performance and quality. Furthermore, regular cadence is established with Service Management (CSM) and the customer on delivery aspects of the service.
Customer Voice:
Represent the voice of the customer within the CMS delivery organization.
Solution Approval:
Endorse and approve optimal costing and solution design sign off including Transition & Transformation (TT) approach.
Delivery Oversight:
Monitor all aspects of customer delivery, ensuring services are delivered in time, in budget and in high quality. Cost & Quality Management: Supervise and monitor the quality and cost of services in adherence to customer order / contract obligations. Furthermore, drive cost optimization and efficiency measures in alignment with the responsible delivery organizations.
Complaint Management:
Ensure prompt management and resolution of customer delivery complaints.
Quality Enhancement:
Direct quality initiatives like Back2Green programs in alignment with QPEE process and standards
Strategic Planning:
Periodic review and alignment with Service Delivery Management (CSM) the customer strategy in the context of aligning, planning, and optimizing the customer delivery.
Maintain oversight of the company business imperatives
and actively contribute to Cloud Services business objectives and strategic initiatives.
Role competences:
Strong understanding of Cloud Solutions
and Managed Services
Portfolio Proficiency:
Possesses and maintains a profound knowledge of T-Systems Cloud portfolio.
Problem-Solving:
Strong analytical skills to identify issues and implement effective solutions.
Leadership:
Ability to lead highly productive and goal-oriented tribes, squads and/or teams aiming to achieve common business objectives.
Leadership:
Ability to lead highly productive and goal-oriented tribes, squads and/or teams aiming to achieve common business objectives.
You will succeed if you:
Education
Information technologies – Master
Experience
ICT Delivery Service Management - 3 years minimum
Certification
ITIL V4 Foundation, SeM Advanced
IT Technical Skills
General IT overview - Expert
DTAG portfolio knowledge - Expert
MS Office - Advanced
Soft skills
Customer orientation
Excellent leadership
Communication skills
Negotiation skills
Time management
Problem solving ability
Result orientation
Presentation skills
Finance skills
Finance and billing - Advanced
Languages
German - Advanced (C1)
English - Advanced (C1)
Other:
Self-motivated individual with excellent interpersonal communication and influencing skills
Excellent motivator with ability to achieve results
Able to resolve issues independently
Excellent Customer interface
Sound knowledge of project management principles
Mature specialized professional knowledge (deep understanding of a specific professional field)
Analytical and problem solving attributes
Exhibiting tact and diplomacy
Experience of post-sales support - advantage
Cost control and budget planning
Possible specialisation (optional for recruitment reasons)
Finance & Billing
Service Ensurance
Customer and Contract Management
Claim Management
Demand Management
Risk Management
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 2 600 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Lucia Vajdová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5222146
Dátum zverejnenia:
22.1.2026
2026-01-22
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
,
IT Product Manager
,
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 600 EUR/month