O nás
Voľné pozície
Benefity
EN
SK
Staň sa súčasťou tímu vizionárov
Vytvárajme spolu budúcnosť kybernetickej bezpečnosti
späť na voľné pracovné miesta
Senior Project Manager for Cloud Solutions
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 3 300 EUR/month
*The final basic wage component can be adjusted accordingly to individual skills and experience of selected candidate. 
Performance bonus 2 times per year up to 15% of the basic salary paid for the evaluation period (usually 6 months).
Contract type
full-time
We are looking for a Senior Project Manager. This role might be a great fit for you if you enjoy leading strategic projects, take responsibility for achieving goals, and you are not afraid to manage a number of projects or programs simultaneously. In this role, you will be responsible for conducting and supervising the completion of complex projects related to strategic goals that include cross-functional teams from sales, marketing, finance, HR, IT and technology.
You will be responsible for:
Portfolio and program management and execution of the selected projects and activities with focus on delivery of strategic priorities and KPIs
Accountability for understanding project objectives, project history, project areas, requirements and important aspects of the project in a business and technology context. Coordination of process leading towards regular up-date of Strategy and related Programs.
Ensuring that no important aspect of programs and projects in responsibility is overlooked and that all necessary incremental steps are met in time to avoid delays or later “surprises” in relation to overall results.
Assembling project team, assigning individual responsibilities, identifying appropriate resources needed, and developing time schedules
Detailed overview, time schedule, budget and design constraints
Hybrid project and program management (both waterfall and agile)
Making decisions about analysis, design and; solving complex problems; and, when necessary, providing alternative methods for achieving goals
Cooperation with Program owners, Program managers and Project Managers from different divisions
Supervise the technical and organizational management and the financial aspects of the project in order to comply with the established time frames and financial limits.
Identify and manage changes and risks throughout the duration of the project.
Regularly inform interested parties, management, customer/contractor about the development, important milestones and KPI‘s of the Program, Project
Overview and understanding of KPIs and ability to suggest ways to measure and evaluate them
Proposing optimization of existing processes and systems and actively participating in their implementation
Manage relationships and communication with external suppliers
Providing training to staff/other employees
You will be a point of contact for stakeholders and user groups
Our requirements:
Extensive experience in project management and at least 8 years of relevant experience
Sound experiences with change requests handling, project charters, project log, risk register and lessons learned creation, stakeholder management, scope creep, cost management, (remote) team management
Master degree in a subject related to information technology or business administration
Project management related training/certifications are preferred (IPMA C / Prince2/ PMP / Kanban/ SAFe)
Experience with both traditional (watterfall) and agile project management (preferrably SAFe)“
Advanced English
Advanced user of MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and Jira/Confluence/Mural
Advanced IT terminology understanding
Previous experience with cloud technologies is an advantage
Good understanding of business strategy and ability to review and evaluate project requirements against them
Strategic and big picture thinking
Systematic and structured approach
Effective communication skills
Kontaktná osoba
Veronika Jakubcova
Poslať životopis
BENEFITY PRE TEBA
Flexibilita
Firemné podujatia
Benefity pre celú rodinu
Šport a zdravie Wellbeing
A ešte viac…
O ESETe
Spoločnosť ESET je globálnym lídrom v oblasti digitálnej bezpečnosti a je jedným z najväčších dodávateľov bezpečnostných riešení v Európskej únii. Zároveň je najväčšou a najoceňovanejšou IT firmou na Slovensku.
Už viac ako 30 rokov vyvíjame popredný softvér a služby zamerané na IT bezpečnosť a ochranu podnikov, kritickej infraštruktúry a domácností z celého sveta
Okrem vytvárania bezpečnostných riešení pre zákazníkov je našim cieľom aj aktívne prispievať k inovatívnej a zodpovednej spoločnosti v oblasti
vzdelávania
,
vedy
a
výskumu
.
V ESETe sú diverzita, rovnosť a inklúzia (DEI) neoddeliteľnou súčasťou firemnej kultúry. Sme hrdým signatárom a ambasádorom
Charty diverzity
. Snažíme sa vytvárať pracovné
prostredie
, kde sa každý cíti cenený a rešpektovaný. S otvorenosťou vítame záujem jednotlivcov zo všetkých prostredí -  vrátane rasy, pohlavia, veku, náboženstva, zdravotného znevýhodnenia, či sexuálnej orientácie.
Viac sa o nás dozviete na
našej stránke
.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5222356
Dátum zverejnenia:
22.1.2026
2026-01-22
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
,
Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
ESET, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 300 EUR/month