Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior QA Automation Engineer (E2E Test Automation Engineer)
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 600 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 600 EUR/month.
Purpose
The Tester Automation in the Digital Hub DCI is responsible for designing, executing, and automating test scenarios to ensure software quality and defect management in alignment with agile development practices. The role collaborates closely with business, development, and operations teams to deliver reliable, high-quality digital solutions.
Team / Project Description
The Digital Hub DCI is a central development and operations organization delivering enterprise-scale digital solutions. The team works in cross-functional, agile setups, integrating development, testing, and operations to ensure high-quality, automated, and maintainable software applications.
What will you do?
Design, implement, and execute automated and manual test cases for hub applications.
Develop and maintain test automation using Java and Playwright.
Identify, analyze, and report defects, ensuring accurate documentation and follow-up.
Collaborate with cross-functional agile teams to ensure solutions meet business and technical requirements.
Support software lifecycle management, quality assurance, and continuous improvement initiatives.
Contribute to improving testing processes, increasing automation coverage, and maintaining test documentation.
Work with tools such as Jira, SQL, and XML to support defect management, reporting, and test execution.
Assist in knowledge transfer and training related to testing best practices within the team.
You will succeed if you:
have hands-on experience in
test design, execution, and automation
–
Advanced
have experience in
Java-based test automation
(e.g., Playwright)
have a solid understanding of the
Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC)
have experience working in
agile frameworks
, ideally
SAFe® or Kanban
can analyze, identify, and report defects clearly and efficiently
have practical experience using
Jira Software
, SQL, and XML
have strong
analytical thinking and structured problem-solving skills
can communicate effectively with technical teams, business stakeholders, and operations teams
speak
German and English at a professional working level
work well in
cross-functional, collaborative, and agile environments
POSSIBLE SPECIALIZATION
Experience with
CI/CD pipelines
and integration into automated testing workflows
Prior exposure to
large-scale digital hub environments
Knowledge of test strategy and architecture for enterprise applications
Experience mentoring junior testers or leading test initiatives
Familiarity with additional automation tools, frameworks, or scripting languages
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
2 600 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 600 EUR/month.
Contact
Contact person: Anna Heveryová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5223996
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.1.2026
2026-01-26
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 600 EUR/month