IT Application Manager Treasury / Market Data Hub, Integration Specialist
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 2 800 EUR/month
From 2800 + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As  IT application manager you will support our new Treasury Market Data Hub in respect to ITIL processes, compliance and quality. This includes support, operations, security, testing and similar activities. This role also includes a significant part in developing and maintaining interfaces to distribute market and other types of data. These interfaces will be based on our strategic platform Snaplogic.
This position is part of a team which is in our Global Delivery Center (GDC) in Bratislava and oversees on our operational processes and support for all Treasury IT services and interfaces.
Task and Responsibilities
Support the ITIL based application management in terms of Incident, Change and further processes
1^st and 2^nd level support of our global Market Data Hub
Responsible for compliance and quality assurance for the ICFR relevant application, incl. internal and external audit
Setup and maintain the Market Data hub configuration
Access Management, Support and perform system tests to validate new versions and fixes of the Market Data Hub
Functional monitoring, manage and solve incorrect execution/processing of files incl. maintenance of treasury reporting, building of dashboards
Requirements engineering regarding integration needs / interfaces to and from new Treasury Management Application
Functional and technical Integration Design
Alignment with Source / Target application owner on start- and endpoints
Implementation of interfaces in SnapLogic
Prepare, plan, execute system test, support UAT for the integrations
Required Education, Experience and Knowledge / Skills
Education:
Bachelor or master’s degree in Business Administration, or Computer science, Math or Engineering with relevant industry experience
Understanding of the business needs in the above-mentioned business services areas
Experience:
Deep understanding and proven track record of around 2-5 years in Application and Service Management under ITIL framework
Experience in IT compliance and quality processes (preferably ICFR relevant applications)
3-5 years of experience in software development and integration architecture (SAP and non-SAP applications)
Proven solid experience and understanding of common software development methods, tools, concepts (DevOps)
Experience in ETL / ELT technologies
Common understanding of transfer and authentication methods
Strong analytical and conceptional skills to analyze and design interfaces
Understanding of Treasury and Accounting related processes is an advantage
Personality requirements and skills:
Structured way of working to ensure strong audit and quality requirements
Good problem solving and organizational skills
Very good in communication and excellent team player
Business fluent in the English language, German language not mandatory, but helpful
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards
: starting from 2800 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of work from home & work from office(telework / homeoffice)
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Multisport Card – employer's contribution of 10 EUR
Recognition and Reward program
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5223829
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.1.2026
2026-01-26
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month