Marketing Mix Modeling Intern
Talent Solutions, s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Contract type
part-time, internship, work experience
Wage (gross)
8 EUR/hour
The final salary might be higher than the advertised one, and is dependant on the previous experience and skills of the candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Do you want to gain experience in data processing, analysis and interpretation with marketing? Are you already studying in fields related to data analysis, business intelligence or similar? Then this just might be the right role for you.
For Henkel, a global company producing chemicals for the consumer market, we're looking for a Marketing Mix Modeling Intern.
Responsibilities:
- Model Support & Development: Support the preparation, maintenance, and updating of existing Marketing Mix Models (MMM). After a structured onboarding phase, take ownership of defined modeling tasks and contribute with a growing level of independence and autonomy.
- Data Collection & Preparation: Collect, structure, clean, and validate data from internal and external sources (e.g. media, sales, pricing, promotions) to ensure high-quality inputs for modeling and analysis.
- Exploratory Analysis & Insight Support: Perform exploratory data analyses and support the team in interpreting model outputs, preparing visualizations, and developing initial insights under guidance.
- Cross-functional Collaboration: Collaborate with MMM specialists and relevant stakeholders to understand business questions and support the communication of analytical results in a clear and structured way.
- Learning & Continuous Improvement: Actively develop skills in MMM methodologies, Python-based analytics, and modeling workflows, while contributing ideas to improve data quality and analytical processes.
Employee perks, benefits
- Experience in an international company within a diverse environment
- Work flexibility
- Multisport card
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Patríme medzi TOP 3 personálne agentúry na Slovensku. Na slovenskom trhu pôsobíme od roku 2002. Pri poskytovaní našich služieb spájame záujmy oboch skupín – uchádzačov a zamestnávateľov. Našou hlavnou úlohou je ľuďom zabezpečiť prácu a spoločnostiam talenty, ktoré sú nevyhnutné pre prosperujúce spoločnosti.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Python - Skillful
Personality requirements and skills
- Model Support & Development: Support the preparation, maintenance, and updating of existing Marketing Mix Models (MMM). After a structured onboarding phase, take ownership of defined modeling tasks and contribute with a growing level of independence and autonomy.
- Data Collection & Preparation: Collect, structure, clean, and validate data from internal and external sources (e.g. media, sales, pricing, promotions) to ensure high-quality inputs for modeling and analysis.
- Exploratory Analysis & Insight Support: Perform exploratory data analyses and support the team in interpreting model outputs, preparing visualizations, and developing initial insights under guidance.
- Cross-functional Collaboration: Collaborate with MMM specialists and relevant stakeholders to understand business questions and support the communication of analytical results in a clear and structured way.
- Learning & Continuous Improvement: Actively develop skills in MMM methodologies, Python-based analytics, and modeling workflows, while contributing ideas to improve data quality and analytical processes.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Talent Solutions has been operating in Slovakia since 2002, and it has built a network of nine branches and onsite offices throughout the country.
Talent Solutions has proven to be a flexible and unbiased company with respect for the specific characteristics and requirements of the Slovak job market, without compromising on the quality of services.
Even after many years on the market, we have not deviated from our mission to anticipate our clients’ needs and adhere to the highest standards that guarantee individual effective solutions.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Kristián Psotný
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5223595
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.1.2026
2026-01-26
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
,
Marketing Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Talent Solutions, s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
8 EUR/hour