Vulnerability Management Analyst - remote from Slovakia | MERCK Group
Randstad HR Solutions s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
Salary starts at 2.500 EUR and is dependent upon relevant experience. ​
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
REMOTE ROLE WITHIN SLOVAKIA
Your role:
This role performs assessments of systems and networks within the network environment or enclave and identifies where those systems/networks deviate from acceptable configurations, enclave policy, or local policy. Measures effectiveness of defense-in-depth architecture against known vulnerabilities. The main tasks in this role are to analyze organization's cyber defense policies and configurations and evaluate compliance with regulations and organizational directives. You will also prepare reports that identify technical and procedural findings, and provide recommended remediation strategies/solutions. Additionally, you will perform technical evaluation of risk and vulnerability assessments of relevant technology focus areas (e.g., local computing environment, network and infrastructure, enclave boundary, supporting infrastructure, and applications).
Who you are
​Experience in managing and configuring scanning tools (Tenable, Qualys, etc.).
​Knowledge of network security architecture concepts including topology, protocols, components, and principles (e.g., application of defense-in-depth).
​Knowledge of how traffic flows across the network (e.g., Transmission Control Protocol [TCP] and Internet Protocol [IP], Open System Interconnection Model [OSI], Information Technology Infrastructure Library, current version [ITIL]).
Knowledge of application vulnerabilities.
Knowledge of system and application security threats and vulnerabilities (e.g., buffer overflow, mobile code, cross-site scripting, Procedural Language/Structured Query Language [PL/SQL] and injections, race conditions, covert channel, replay, return-oriented attacks, malicious code).
Knowledge of what constitutes a network attack and a network attack’s relationship to both threats and vulnerabilities.
Skill in conducting vulnerability scans and recognizing vulnerabilities in security systems.
Skill in using network analysis tools to identify vulnerabilities (e.g., fuzzing, nmap, etc.).
Skill in conducting application vulnerability assessments.
What we offer
: We are curious minds that come from a broad range of backgrounds, perspectives, and life experiences. We believe that this variety drives excellence and innovation, strengthening our ability to lead in science and technology. We are committed to creating access and opportunities for all to develop and grow at your own pace. Join us in building a culture of inclusion and belonging that impacts millions and empowers everyone to work their magic and champion human progress!
​Apply now and become a part of a team that is dedicated to Sparking Discovery and Elevating Humanity!
​
​Salary starts at 2.500 EUR and is dependent upon relevant experience.
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Chemical industry, manufacture of pharmaceutical products
We are curious minds that come from a broad range of backgrounds, perspectives, and life experiences. We believe that this variety drives excellence and innovation, strengthening our ability to lead in science and technology. We are committed to creating access and opportunities for all to develop and grow at your own pace. Join us in building a culture of inclusion and belonging that impacts millions and empowers everyone to work their magic and champion human progress!
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
and
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Randstad is the second largest HR services provider in the world and has number 1 position in many countries. Our 28,000 employees work in 4,587 branches and inhouse locations to employ almost 567 700 people on daily basis.
Company’s services range from regular temporary staffing and permanent placing, to Inhouse services, search & selection, and HR solutions.
We are driven by our core values ‘to know, to serve, to trust’. We need to understand the present and future needs of our clients and candidates. The better we know our clients and candidates, the better we can match their needs and exceed their expectations.
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Erika Balejová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5223859
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.1.2026
2026-01-26
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Security Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Randstad HR Solutions s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month