Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior Software Solution Designer
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Our brand Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia entered the life of Košice region in 2006 under the name of T-Systems Slovakia and ever since has been inextricably linked with the region when became one of the founding members of Košice IT Valley. We have managed to grow from scratch to the second largest employer in the eastern part of the country with more than 3900 employees. Our goal is to proactively find new ways to improve and continuously transform into the type of company providing innovative information and communication technology services.
What will you do?
Project Introduction
We are looking for an experienced Solution Designer to join our International Team and help us to create greenfield software for one of the biggest and most important project in Deutsche Telekom Group.
Being part of our team, you will have an impact on our 30 million Customers, who will use our product to request Fiber network to their homes and to track our progress of installation.
Our product is a set of applications and websites to support end-to-end processes covering areas: Fiber pre-ordering, ordering, installation, service management & customer support.
WHAT WILL YOU DO:
Create and validate the business requirements  (User Stories). Clear focus on customer requirements, business value creation and securing that the backlog is understood and development ready from team’s perspective.
Decompose business requirements into development ready User Stories with functional requirements focusing on the solution created on the Gigabit project.
Create detailed, low level business analysis and enable the Continuous Delivery Pipeline through appropriate User Stories.
Describe processes in  User Stories.
Experience with low level business analysis and enable the Continuous Delivery Pipeline through appropriate User Stories.
Collaborate with Product Owner, ART's Product Management, System Engineering to align User Story designs.
Evaluate business models or requirements and integrate them into technology solutions as well as technological implementation opportunities (business / technology bridge).
Collect software from internal developers and care about quality of manufactured products from business point of view.
Understand business and technical objectives of a project and work closely with Product Owner and system designers and DevOps team.
Identify the interface partners (systems and teams), which are involved in the implementation of feature requirements.
Identify critical NFRs (non-functional requirements) for the Features being designed.
Analyze and align REST APIs using mappings tables.
Your profile:
Knowledge and ability to visualize analysis into readable diagrams using UML notation (Activity Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams, Use Cases).
Experience with software development in the Agile methodology - Scrum framework.
Confident use of written and spoken English (at least B2) - Gigabit is an international project; English is a common language for both spoken collaboration and written requirements.
Experience with tools like Enterprise Architect, Confluence and Jira.
Knowledge of the Structured Query Language - SQL.
Knowledge and ability to make designs using BPMN notation.
Experience and ability to design business applications and make system analysis and cross-systems analysis.
Experience with analyzing microservices and basic understanding of microservice architecture.
Knowledge of relational databases and PostgreSQL.
Knowledge of the telco sector.
Self-motivation
At least 5 years of experience as Business Analyst or Solution designer in international projects.
You will succeed if you:
YOU WILL SUCCEED IF YOU:
Have knowledge of the German language,
Have knowledge about using tools like Postman or Swagger,
Have experience with Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe)
Have programming experience for example in Java or JavaScript (Angular) is an advantage.
Qualifications
Education
Information technologies – Master
IT Technical Skills
MS Office – Expert
ITIL – Advanced
Solution proposal – Expert
Scrum - Expert
Jira – Advanced
SAFe – Advanced
Product Expert – Expert
Soft skills
Communication
Presentation
Analytical thinking
Result orientation
Able to develop colleagues
Conflict management
Other Skills
Organisational skills
Diplomacy
Project management
Languages
English – Upper Intermediate (B2)
German/Advantage – Upper Intermediate (B2)
Other criteria or requirements
Work collaboratively with others to achieve goals
Be a persistent, creative problem ­solver
Remain cool and effective in a crisis
Stay on the leading edge of development practices
Passionate about great technologies, especially open source
Understand business needs and know how to create the tools to manage them
Extensive knowledge of business environment and IT, business process, organization, implications of changes
Experience in business analysis, business process design and end-to-end IT solution design
Experience in introducing comprehensive IT solutions in a complex IT application landscape, analyzing and preparing a new solution, testing, participation in roll outs
Experience in creating topic-specific IT guidelines and blueprints and communicating/consulting this content with system users
Clear focus on performance, results and strong communication skills
Analytical abilities and capacity for joined-up thinking
Ability to simplify complex procedures with regard to the customer
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Dana Dráčová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5223017
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.1.2026
2026-01-23
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month