Power BI Platform Specialist
Place of work
Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 2 600 EUR/month
From 2600 + VAR *
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join our Power BI (Fabric) IT team as a Platform Specialist. You’ll manage and enhance our enterprise Power BI environment, support internal customers from idea to insight, and drive adoption of best practices. This is a hands-on, customer-facing role combining technical depth with consulting and enablement.
Key Responsibilities
Operate and optimize the Power BI (Fabric) platform, including capacity monitoring, governance and improvement
Support internal users (citizen developers to experts) with consulting, troubleshooting, and performance tuning.
Lead training sessions, workshops, and contribute to internal Power BI communities.
Develop and share best practices, documentation, and knowledge base content.
Collaborate on governance and platform evolution initiatives.
Extension of current Power BI platform with additional components and/or external 3^rd party additions
Required Skills & Experience
3+ years in Power BI development (data modeling, DAX, Power Query).
Experience with Power BI Service administration, Premium/Fabric capacities, and security (RLS, access control).
Strong data integration skills (e.g., Snowflake, SQL Server, …).
Excellent communication skills in English; able to explain complex topics clearly.
Experience in training, mentoring, or consulting internal stakeholders.
Welcomed Qualifications
Microsoft certifications (PL-300, DP-600 or DP-700).
Exposure to Microsoft Fabric (or related Azure tools like Factory, Synapse, ADLS Gen2, …), AI features, or other BI tools (Qlik, Tableau).
Experience in large-scale enterprise BI environments.
Automate monitoring and administrative tasks using scripting (PowerShell, Python, APIs).
Soft Skills
Customer-centric mindset with strong problem-solving abilities.
Proactive, self-driven, and eager to innovate – interest in discovery of new market trends and tools
Collaborative team player with mentoring spirit.
Comfortable engaging with diverse stakeholders across business and IT.
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards
: starting from 2600 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of work from home & work from office(telework / homeoffice)
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Multisport Card – employer's contribution of 10 EUR
Recognition and Reward program
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5223629
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.1.2026
2026-01-26
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Database Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 600 EUR/month