Security Engineer (Air Traffic Management)
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Place of work
Karadžičova 8, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
Freelancer's hourly rate to be agreed individually. The final offer may vary based on the experience and qualifications of the selected candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Bratislava-based FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services belongs to the Austrian FREQUENTIS Group (www.frequentis.com), specialized in mission-critical communication and IT solutions, e.g. in air traffic control, public safety, public transport or defense.
Join our team and help us make our solutions even more reliable. Work for an international technological leader and enjoy the benefits of flexible working arrangements and our focus on a good work-life balance.
In this position, you will actively contribute to the technical security strategy and ensure its implementation. As a Security Engineer in Air Traffic Management, you'll support the design and protection of critical aviation systems by helping assess risks, monitor threats, and ensure compliance with industry standards. You'll collaborate with engineering teams, contribute to incident response, and assist in deploying security tools and automation. This role offers hands-on experience in safeguarding complex infrastructures in a highly regulated and dynamic environment.
Main Tasks
•	Conducting threat analyses and security risk assessments for both our products and our customer projects
•	Development of security services and tools for vulnerability detection, reporting and general security automation​
•	Your responsibilities will also include the development of security concepts (security blueprints) for our products and projects and implementation of the technical measures and requirements
• In addition to supporting our development teams in evaluating, planning, and implementing security best practices, you will also conduct training courses with a focus on system security
Key Qualifications
•	Completed studies in computer science, mathematics or a comparable qualification
• Basic understanding of the secure design of systems and software
• Knowledge and experience with security governance process including vulnerability management, risk assessments etc.
• 3+ years of experience in software development, ideally using secure programming and secure designs
• Experience with containerization and cluster management tools (e.g. Docker)
• Experience with CI/CD tools
• Experience in the network and infrastructure environment
• Knowledge in the installation, configuration and administration of      Linux systems
• Cybersecurity certification is an advantage (eg. Security+, CASP+,      SSCP, CISSP, CISM, GSE)
Employee perks, benefits
• Training and development program (business and product trainings, language course)
• Employee referral program (financial reward for recommending a successful candidate
• Employee assistance program (legal, financial and psychological counselling)
• Meal contribution fully paid by the company
• Multisport card/Pension scheme contribution (DDS)
• Flexible working hours, home office
• Refreshments, company & team events
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Information Technology, Telecommunications
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
•	You are flexible, self-driven, dedicated, goal-oriented and structured in how you approach your work.
• You are willing to travel occasionally to the customer site.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Our Bratislava-based company FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is part of the Austrian FREQUENTIS group (www.frequentis.com). We are a leading global supplier of communication and information solutions for safety-critical applications, such as for air traffic control towers, public safety control rooms (112) or air defense forces. Our mission-critical solutions cover diverse areas, such as telephony and radio communication, Geographical Information Systems (GIS), incident and resource management, video surveillance and automatic video analytics.
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is specialized in software development and project delivery. Together with our parent company we are developing FREQUENTIS’ next generation control room solutions, using state-of-the-art technologies and processes. Our delivery teams then deploy those solutions at our customers around the globe, with responsibility for commercial and technical project management, engineering and quality assurance.
To grow our team, we are constantly looking for talents in all these fields. Our company offers an interesting and challenging technical environment, a people-focused culture with emphasis on a good work-life-balance and, if desired, a long-term development and career opportunities.
For our customers, lives may be at stake and seconds count. Our solutions thus need to be developed to the highest standards when it comes to usability and reliability. Safety is what guides us from the first designs till the final tests of any of our solutions. If those are the kinds of challenges that excite you, then you have come to the right place!
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Eva Lajchová
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5223619
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.1.2026
2026-01-26
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Systems Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month