Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
QA Automation Engineer for Payment
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Our brand Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia entered the life of Košice region in 2006 under the name of T-Systems Slovakia and ever since has been inextricably linked with the region when became one of the founding members of Košice IT Valley. We have managed to grow from scratch to the second largest employer in the eastern part of the country with more than 3900 employees. Our goal is to proactively find new ways to improve and continuously transform into the type of company providing innovative information and communication technology services.
What will you do?
Our company is looking for a Automation QA engineer to support our Payment team.
You will play a key role in ensuring the quality and reliability of our software solutions.
The application is our responsibility - The central payment platform (MPS: Multi Payment Service Center) provides online services for all aspects of the payment process (pay per click, subscription billing for Magenta Haus, Telekom Cloud Market Place, HotSpot, Videoload, etc.).
Develop and implement  test strategies
﻿﻿Create and maintain test automation scripts using test automation tools
﻿﻿Identify, document, and track bugs while collaborating with developers for troubleshooting
﻿﻿Document and present test results to stakeholders
Support the Agile team in planning test automation-related activities.
Work and share information with other team members using effective communication styles and channels.
Manual and automated test execution
You will succeed if you:
Have a Master’s degree in Information technologies
Have experience in ICT System Engineering - 2 years
Have ISTQB certification
IT Technical Skills
Java
﻿﻿JSON
﻿﻿Cucumber
﻿﻿JBehave
﻿﻿Serinity BDD
﻿﻿Robot Framework
﻿﻿Manuel testing experiences
﻿﻿Testing via Postman or other alternatives
﻿﻿Knowledge of HTTP protocol
﻿﻿Rest services
﻿﻿API Testing skills - mandatory
Programming - Intermediate
Soft skills
Crossfunctional Collaboration
Transfer of Knowledge Between Colleagues
Other Skills
Analytical thinking
Industry Trends Automation know-how
Continuous Learning
Problem Solving
Customer Focus
Accuracy and attention to detail
Languages
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
German - Intermediate (B1)
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Dana Dráčová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5224588
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.1.2026
2026-01-27
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month