Hľadáme Senior ServiceNow Developera/Consultanta!
MATERNA Information & Communications s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
Dohodou
Wage (gross)
From 4 000 EUR/month
The final salary will be agreed upon during the interview and depends on the candidate’s experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Do you have experience with the ServiceNow platform and are you looking for an opportunity to further develop your skills in an international team? Do you enjoy tackling challenges and solving issues directly with customers? If so, we have the perfect offer for you!
What awaits you:
International projects
– Collaborate with colleagues from Slovakia and Germany, where every day brings something new!
Development and implementation of solutions on the ServiceNow platform
– Be creative, design and implement!
Client communication
– Actively solve issues and improve processes directly with the client.
Project management
– You will be responsible for leading projects, organizing them, and ensuring their successful delivery.
Quality control
– Monitor project progress and help juniors grow.
Implementation and configuration of modules and applications on the ServiceNow platform.
Client support
– Provide expert support and training for our clients in the area of ServiceNow.
Employee perks, benefits
To help you recover and stay fit, we have 5 sick days a year and paid sick leave
Play sports like a pro with the MultiSport or BenefitPlus card and take advantage of the financial allowance for life events
With us you will have the opportunity to get various trainings and certifications
We celebrate our teams' successes together and organize company events where you have the opportunity to get to know your colleagues outside the work environment
Work from the comfort of your home and use the office to fit your working hours around your lifestyle
Fruit days bring you healthy snacks and employee discounts allow you to shop for discounted prices
Plus, get a referral and loyalty bonus to reward your loyalty and cooperation with us
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
ServiceNow - Expert
SQL - Advanced
JavaScript - Expert
Experience in the position/sector
5
Personality requirements and skills
Skúsenosti s vývojom SNOW + poradenstvo pre klienta ServiceNow minimálne 5 rokov
Znalosť aspoň jedného programovacieho jazyka (JavaScript, Java, Python).
Certifikácie CAD, CSA a CIS
Prehľad v databázach (SQL).
Technický background, schopnosť logicky uvažovať a samostatne riešiť problémy.
Znalosť anglického jazyka na bežnej komunikatívnej úrovni.
Skúsenosti na projektoch u klienta
Skúsenosti s vedením tímu, projektové riadenie
Výborné komunikačné schopnosti
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
MATERNA offers IT services for its clients around the world. We have currently more than 4000 employees and in Slovakia there are around 100 colleagues.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Maros Kasak
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5224273
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.1.2026
2026-01-27
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
MATERNA Information & Communications s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 000 EUR/month