AI / Python Developer
Raiffeisen Conversational AI Lab s. r. o.
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 3 500 EUR/month
Salary will be based on your experience and skills.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We’re looking for an AI / Python Developer to work on a production-grade agentic AI assistant built in Python, using RAG and modern LLMs.
What You’ll Do:
Develop and maintain an agentic AI system in Python
Design and optimize RAG pipelines (ingestion, chunking, embeddings, retrieval)
Implement agent behaviors (tools, planning, memory, reasoning)
Improve reliability via prompting, guardrails, and fallbacks
Reduce hallucinations, latency, and cost in production
Employee perks, benefits
Work in a startup-like environment within one of the leading banking groups in CEE
Collaboration with top professionals in the field of AI and the use of cutting-edge tools
Modern opportunities for education and development, with the option to choose various conferences and training sessions
Diverse tasks with strategic significance for our clients
Work in an innovative environment, collaborating with interesting startups
Flexible working hours
Possibility to work from the office or from home
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Python - Skillful
AI - artificial intelligence - Skillful
Personality requirements and skills
Strong Python skills (production code, async patterns)
Hands-on experience with LLMs in production
Solid understanding of RAG architectures and vector search
Experience building agentic workflows
Deep understanding of embeddings and retrieval trade-offs
Ability to debug and mitigate hallucinations and retrieval issues
Experience with document preprocessing and chunking
Familiarity with Docker, APIs, and CI/CD
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
RBI Retail Innovation SK s.r.o. is a member of Raiffeisen Bank International Group. Our goal is to identify and introduce modern, innovative technologies with focus for the retail banking across the value chain.
We are a team of professionals with fintech background and start-up culture, who strive to change the way customers interact with financial services.
We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ethnicity, race or colour, national origin, religion, political or other opinion, sex, sexual orientation or disability. We are based in Bratislava.
Contact
Contact person: Bc.  Linda Trancikova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5224686
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.1.2026
2026-01-27
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Python Programmer
,
Service Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Raiffeisen Conversational AI Lab s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month