Naše produkty
Práca za rohom
Najzamestnávateľ
Profesia
Platy.sk
Edujobs
Teamio
Seduo
Profesia days
O nás
Náš príbeh
Náš tím
Práca u nás
Kontakt
Kontaktujte nás
SK
EN
Naše produkty
O nás
Práca u nás
Kontakt
Kariéra v Alma Career Slovakia
Experienced BI Analyst at Alma Career
Experienced BI Analyst at Alma Career
In a word, we connect ... the right people with the right companies. We are part of the international technology group Alma Career, whose products have been improving the world of work in ten European countries. In the Slovakia, such products include Profesia.sk, Práca za rohom, Platy.sk, Teamio, Seduo, Edujobs, Arnold, Výpomoc so srdcom or our jobfair Profesia Day. Our vision is to continuously bring the best solutions for job seekers and companies, education, and employee satisfaction.
Odpovedať na pozíciu
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 700 EUR/month
Do you have a passion for data analysis and feel it’s time to gain some new experience? Routine isn’t your friend and you want to unravel how successful products work using data? Well, after analyzing it, we might have just the right solution for you…
We’re currently looking for someone with exactly this mindset to join our BI team. You’re enthusiastic about data analysis, you know SQL like the back of your hand, and you’re looking for your next challenge. If that sounds like you, definitely keep reading:
What’s waiting for you in the BI Analyst role?
Your mission will be to work closely with Alma Career South region and product development teams to find ways to use data not only to improve existing services, but also to create new ones.
You will be a data partner for selected teams, understanding their needs and providing great analytical services with high business value.
Your data analysis will support decision-making in key product development topics.
SQL work with our DWH will be your daily bread - you’ll be turning data into meaningful insights.
You’ll also enjoy a creative dashboarding in Qlik Sense and Metabase, helping us build a truly effective self-service analytics platform.
From time to time, there may be opportunities to explore advanced data modelling and data mining in Python or build interesting data-driven apps for our users using Streamlit.
And fortunately, you won’t be on your own — you’ll be part of an international BI team where analysts help each other and where you’ll also have strong support from experienced BI engineers.
Who are we looking for?
You already have some experience in BI/DWH/data mining, and what we describe above aren’t new to you. Your CV proudly shows at least 3 years in similar positions.
You have the ability to interpret data well - and to “sell” the insights to others.
SQL is practically your native language - you feel completely at home working with it.
A university degree in mathematics, statistics, data science, or economics is an advantage, but not a must.
Logical thinking and a sharp, quick, and open mind are essential.
You enjoy working with data and can navigate more complex data structures.
When needed, you can look at data more deeply, for example through a statistical lens.
You’re not afraid of dashboarding, automation, or occasional maintenance work in the data warehouse.
You enjoy working with a reasonable degree of autonomy and responsibility, and agile development + Jira are not dirty words to you.
You like learning new things independently, even using the good old trialanderror approach.
Reading documentation and communicating in English is no problem for you.
Python skills will certainly help you thrive in this role, but they're not essential - some practical experience is beneficial, though we don't expect you to be an expert.
And last but not least, you want to work in a friendly atmosphere and on something that truly makes sense.
What Will Make You Happy with Us?
Room for mistakes, time for experimentation, and opportunities to participate in decision-making and product direction.
An open team atmosphere. You won't have strict deadlines from external clients.
Education and development - domestic and international conferences, internal technology workshops (SOLID, DDD, JavaScript, OOP, etc.), and online courses.
You'll get a computer and OS of your choice (Linux or MacOS).
3 extra vacation days.
Happy Days: unlimited time off for any reason (help out on a volunteer day, enjoy your birthday, or go on a one-day hike :-).
Various internal and external lectures/courses/conferences. Plus, you'll have unlimited access to our educational platform Seduo.
Hedepy: an online mental health care program to help you in your life situations and personal development.
Multisport card partially covered by the employer.
A great office in the center of Bratislava. We'd love to see you occasionally in our modern offices at Pribinova 19.
The possibility to work from home, so you can finally balance your work-life.
Our development team works remotely and meets once a week in Prague. We also have several other offices where you can work if needed, specifically in Brno, Ostrava, and Bratislava.
A friendly team you can always rely on.
We all use first names, participate in non-work activities, team-building events, etc.
Volunteer activities as part of work (participation in CSR projects).
Besides, working with us also means:
A friendly culture where you can be yourself, because Friendly culture grows together
Job with purpose and impact because, Meaningfulness of work grows together and
Opportunities for professional learning and growth, because Our people grow together.
Courage grows together.
Ideš do toho s nami?
Ready to shape the future with us?
Send us your CV or LinkedIn profile and let's have an online meeting with our Head of Data Intelligence Marek Mikoška.
S kým budeš pracovať?
Anyway — and this might be the most important part — while we do care about all these “hard skills”, our ultimate priority is your enthusiasm for the role and the way you fit into our team.
We strive to learn and improve everything else!
Marek Mikoška
Head of Business Intelligence
Kontaktná osoba
Zuzana Kaňuchová
Odpovedať na pozíciu
Späť na voľné pracovné miesta
We are a member of
Alma Career
family.
ID:
5224180
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.1.2026
2026-01-26
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Database Analyst
,
Financial Analyst
,
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Alma Career Slovakia s. r. o.   (pôvodne Profesia, spol. s r.o.)
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month