About us
Open positions
Benefits
Contact
Web Editor Digital Marketing
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary *
From 1 500 EUR/month
Contract type
full-time
* Of course, an overpayment is possible depending on the respective training, qualification and professional experience. The gross salary is based on these aforementioned criteria and is finally determined after the personal interview.
Henkel operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in two exciting business areas: Consumer Brands (Laundry & Home Care and Beauty Care) and Adhesive Technologies. Our success is built on constant innovation and people who strive for excellence. Working at Henkel is much more than just a job. It's a passion. Have you got what it takes?
Your role
General maintenance, upkeep & localization of regional & local brand websites - editing of content (implementation of content from third parties) in a web CMS.
Liaise with local teams (brand and digital managers) to define the content requirements for local market websites.
Troubleshoot content that does not display correctly and escalate any issues that cannot be resolved in-house.
Digital asset editing and management.
Your skills
Proven work experience with web Content Management Systems (CMS).
Fluent English (written & verbal interaction with international colleagues & stakeholders).
Photoshop, HTML & CSS experience is a must.
Front-end / Back-end frameworks experience is a plus.
Work experience in digital marketing is a plus.
Strong organizational & time management skills.
Initiative and inner drive to bring things forward and strong, pro-active communication.
Benefits we offer
Flexible work scheme with flexible hours, hybrid work model and up to 30 days per year for remote work abroad
Diverse national and international growth opportunities
Globally applicable well-being standards, including health and preventive care programs
Gender-neutral parental leave for a minimum of 8 weeks
Employee Share Plan with voluntary investment and Henkel matching shares
13th salary, incentives
Cafeteria benefit system, Multisport card
Henkel shop and Henkel nursery school
Extra paid days off for special life situations, referral and relocation bonus
#HenkelSlovensko
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5224516
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.1.2026
2026-01-27
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Marketing Specialist
,
Web Designer
,
Webmaster
Spoločnosť:
HENKEL SLOVENSKO, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month