Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
PHP Senior Developer
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
DigiHUB MARE is the way to digital future!
One Backend for multiple Front ends
Uncompromising customer focus – Uncompromising IT
PURPOSE:
At DigiHUB MARE, we pioneer the development of innovative applications serving Deutsche Telekom’s end customers, internal technical staff, and service teams in Germany. Our mission is to deliver groundbreaking solutions that set new standards of excellence in customer experience and operational efficiency.
We believe in innovation, integrity, and inclusivity. If you are passionate about solving complex challenges and driving impactful automation, DigiHUB MARE is where you can grow and thrive.
The Opportunity:
As a
Senior Software Developer
, you will lead the design and implementation of scalable software solutions that automate and streamline business processes across multiple platforms, ensuring high quality, maintainability, and cross-team collaboration.
Working closely with product owners and stakeholders, you will analyze requirements, drive technical decisions, and mentor colleagues to foster continuous improvement and innovation.
What will you do?
Lead the development of robust front-end applications and backend automation processes supporting Deutsche Telekom Technik.
Design and build front-end assistants (robots), system overlays, and interfaces (e.g., SOAP, REST, Tardis) tailored to customer needs.
Translate requirements from product managers and steering teams into maintainable, scalable software solutions.
Collaborate with internal stakeholders to ensure alignment and gather feedback.
Apply agreed programming languages and tools to develop cross-platform automation and integration solutions.
Approach complex technical challenges with creative problem-solving and innovative technologies.
Actively contribute to research and development initiatives to improve processes and tools.
You will succeed if you:
Have knowledge in:
PHP storm and object -based programming
JavaScript, C+, Python
Selenium
GitLab
HTML
MySQL/ MARIA DB
Docker
Speak:
English – Upper intermediate (B2)
German - Advantage
Other criteria or requirements
Several years of experience working in IT industry
Advanced experience with programming and application design
Good skills in integrating systems and applications.
Good understanding of Cloud systems, DevOps concepts and tooling
Willingness to learn and teach new technologies.
Being self-motivated and organized
Solid communication skills (oral and written), and willingness to develop them further.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 3 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Možná
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5224184
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.1.2026
2026-01-26
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
PHP Programmer
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 100 EUR/month