Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia
O nás
Voľné pozície
Firemná kultúra
Benefity
Kontakt
Technical
Digital Product Manager – People Development End2End Experience
At Deutsche Telekom, we believe that investing in employee development is key to unlocking the full potential of our organization. As part of HR Headquarters, our team is responsible for global products concerning People Development within Deutsche Telekom AG.
By developing a variety of internal HR products and offers like learning & development, skills intelligence or engagement surveys, we make Deutsche Telekom the best place to develop and grow.
Contract type
full-time
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 2 700 EUR/month
About
the position
We are looking for a Digital Product Manager to connect our various people development products into a holistic end-to-end user experience. To achieve this, we are looking to improve existing products, further integrate existing products, but also potentially build new custom experience solutions that bring things together. You will be responsible for the design of our people development information in our new internal content/news platform. We are also investing in bringing our processes into the flow of work. The vision is that our employees get course recommendations via a Microsoft Teams chat instead of navigating to our Learning Experience Platform.
This role is focused on product management, digital adoption, and project coordination. It’s a hands-on role, where you will be able to shape the technical design of this future experience yourself. Previous experience with developing custom solutions is a real benefit. You will be working with your dedicated team, as well as the various existing product teams. If we go the custom solutions route, you will be provided with software development capacity, which you will then steer directly.
Your tasks:
Define and own the product vision, strategy, and roadmap for end-to-end people development experience
Gather and refine functional and non-functional requirements with business stakeholders. Translate user needs into detailed user stories, acceptance criteria, and technical specifications.
Lead end-to-end delivery of custom software solutions—from concept to deployment and post-launch optimization.
Maintain clear product backlog management, sprint planning, and release alignment with development teams.
Closely collaborate with existing product teams, designing how their product fits the end-to-end experience
We work in a HYBRID STYLE of working.
The published salary is the minimum possible offer. The starting salary may be higher depending on the extent of fulfillment of the employee's requirements (education, language skills, required practice, personality assumptions and skills).
What
we expect
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
You have a completed university degree and already have a minimum of 4 years of professional experience.
Furthermore, you distinguish yourself through the following knowledge and skills:
Experience in Digital Product Management: We’re looking for someone with digital product management experience, ideally within SaaS, platform implementation, or HR technologies.
Strong Project Management Skills: Proven track record in managing cross-functional teams, technical rollouts, and global platform implementations. Experience with agile methodologies is a plus.
Experience managing custom IT solutions with dev teams is really helpful.
Data-Driven & Analytical: Experience with usage analytics, A/B testing, and user engagement metrics. A keen eye for data-driven improvements and prioritization.
Excellent Communication Skills: Ability to communicate effectively with technical teams, business leaders, and vendors, ensuring all stakeholders are aligned on goals and progress.
Familiarity with Change Management: While this is not a traditional role, experience in change management or driving organizational adoption of new technologies will be crucial.
Your English is on the highest level.
You are flexible to travel.
Benefits
that make you happy
Annual bonus
Fully paid meal vouchers
Mobile phone also for private use
Discounts for selected Telekom products
Supplementary pension saving contribution
Cafeteria system of benefits/Multisport card
My days
Sports club & Health days
Teambuildings, summer & Christmas party
Opportunities for career growth
Referral program
Flexible working time
About
the selection process
We are dedicated to constantly promoting equal employment opportunities and are ready to make reasonable adjustments for applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in our job opportunity and meet our job requirements for this position, we encourage you to confidentially notify us if you need specific accommodations to ensure your full participation in our recruitment process at recruitment@telekom.com.
Snažíme sa neustále podporovať rovnaké príležitosti v zamestnaní a sme pripravení urobiť primerané úpravy pre uchádzačov so zdravotným postihnutím. Ak máte záujem o túto pracovnú príležitosť a spĺňate požiadavky inzerovaného pracovného miesta, odporúčame vám, aby ste nám dôverne oznámili, ak potrebujete osobitné úpravy, ktoré vám zabezpečia plnohodnotnú účasť na našom náborovom procese na recruitment@telekom.com.
Send CV
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5224067
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.1.2026
2026-01-26
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Compensation & Benefit Specialist
,
Education Specialist
,
IT Product Manager
,
Occupational Psychologist
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month