SAP Consultant for greenfield manufacturing company
PERSONALITY, s.r.o.
Place of work
Trnava
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
By agreement
Wage (gross)
From 4 000 EUR/month
The final monthly salary will be discussed during the personal interview.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are hiring experienced
SAP Consultant
for our Client, international greenfield manufacturing company located in Trnava region. Our role will be ensuring smooth production processes and connecting business with IT environment.
Main responsibilities:
Oversee daily SAP operations with a strong focus on system reliability, performance, and availability
Administer and support SAP modules including MM, PP and QM.
Deliver SAP support for production planning, inventory management, logistics, and quality management processes
Coordinate and support SAP upgrades, patches, and system integrations
Ensure smooth integration between SAP, MES, and other plant or third-party systems
Monitor data integrity, system performance, and adherence to security standards
Provide advanced (Tier 2/3) IT and SAP support while coordinating with external vendors
Lead IT projects, system enhancements, and continuous improvement initiatives
Employee perks, benefits
Annual 13th salary
Opportunities for professional development, training, and career growth
Employment in a modern, newly opened manufacturing plant in Slovakia
Modern working environment and access to the latest manufacturing technologies
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Automotive industry, manufacture of transport equipment
Our Client is manufacturing company with more than 50 years of history in automotive industry.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
or
German - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
SAP HANA - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, or related field
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or IT Management ITIL Foundation or higher certification
Project Management certification (PMP, Prince2, or Agile) - welcomed
Experience with SAP S/4HANA migration projects - welcomed
Knowledge of additional SAP modules (SD, FI/CO, PM, MM/PP) -
Experience with SAP integration technologies (IDocs, RFCs, APIs)
Programming/scripting skills (ABAP, Python, PowerShell) - welcomed
Previous experience in greenfield plant IT setup or ramp-up phase
Familiarity with BMW or other premium OEM IT standards and requirements
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Group PERSONALITY® is an HR Leader providing a unique combination of services: HEADHUNTING, RECRUITMENT, PERSONAL LEASING, INTERIM MANAGEMENT, TEMPORARY PLACEMENT, CAREER ADVISORY and creation of professional LINKEDIN profiles.
PERSONALITY® was founded in 2006 with a vision of becoming a professional partner in HR. Our core team of Headhunters and Recruiters shares exceptional experience with filling various vacancies under the most precise criteria and requirements. We are available to you in our offices in Bratislava, Nitra, Prague and Dubai.
To our Clients and Candidates, we offer complex services and solutions, individual consulting, as well as long-term partnership, with the highest quality of service provided being our primary objective. Find more information about us on www.PersonalityHR.com.
Within the scope of CAREER ADVISORY service, we will be happy to create or enhance your tailor-made Professional LinkedIn profile: www.ProfileLinked.in.
Peter Križan
CEO
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
10-19 employees
Contact
Contact person: David Bača
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5224345
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.1.2026
2026-01-27
lokalita:
Trnava
Pozícia:
ABAP Programmer
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Architect
,
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
PERSONALITY, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 000 EUR/month