Bright minds,
Bright Lights.
Zažiarte s nami
Kariéra
Voľné pozície
a študentský program
O nás
Sme špecialista
na svetelné systémy
Benefity
výhody a bonusy
pre zamestnancov
Kontakt
ZKW Slovakia s.r.o.
Krušovce
Information Security Officer
Place of work
Krušovce, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
Dohodou
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
Final salary is based on candidate seniority, knowledge and experience and will be part of an individual offer
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are currently looking for a new colleague on a position of
Information Security Officer
. On your role you will be responsible to ensure strategic and operational management of Information security agenda.
Your main responsibilities will be:
Support in the establishment, operation, and further development of the Information Security Management System (ISMS) in accordance with ISO 27001 and VDA/TISAX
Support in the fulfillment of compliance requirements from EU directives and national laws on Information Security (e.g., NIS2)
Support for projects in Information Security topics
Coordinating and conducting training and awareness campaigns on Information Security
Investigating incidents relevant to Information Security
Implementation of guidelines and concepts for Information Security, create threat and risk analyses
Initiating, implementing, and monitoring Information Security measures
Serving as a point of contact for company management and employees at all levels on Information Security issues
Reporting to the CISO on the status of Information Security
Regular further training in the field of Information Security (certifications)
Commissioning and supporting internal and external Information Security audits (IS audits, penetration tests, etc.)
Close cooperation and exploitation of synergies with Group Legal Data Protection
Special focus on Information Security-related issues in the automotive (supplier) industry, such as VDA-driven TISAX certifications (audit preparation, support, and follow-up)
Employee perks, benefits
ZKW offers different financial and non-financial benefits, such as:
Career growth, professional self-realization and support of internal talent
Summer and winter bonus
Annual variable bonus
Financial bonus for work anniversary
We support and reward innovative ideas – Idea challenge
Benefit Plus – benefits of your choice
Meals in company canteen only for 1€
Flexible working hours, home office
Events and team buildings – ZKW Family Day, Topoľčany Night Run, Volunteer Days
Discounts and special offers from other companies
Always the latest information – myZKW
Professional trainings and courses fully paid by the employer
Information about the selection process
Thank you for your application. We will contact only candidates that meet our expectation on current vacancy.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Completed technical education in area of IT-Security/IT reference
Several years of relevant professional experience in the field of Information Security Management
Strong communication and analytical skills
Committed personality with a high sense of quality and responsibility
High ability to work in a team, combined with independent and autonomous work
Very good knowledge of English and Slovak language
Certificates in the ISMS environment desirable (e.g.: CISSP, CISA, CISM, ISO 27001)
Experience in audits is an advantage
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
The ZKW Group is a specialist in innovative premium lighting systems and electronics. Thanks to our employees and state of the art production technologies, we develop and manufacture comprehensive premium lighting and electronic modules for international automobile manufacturers. The main products include powerful and cost-effective complete LED systems. The ZKW Group has total of twelve plants over the world which are intelligently connected in the areas of development and production.
ZKW Slovakia is the second largest plant of the ZKW Group. We employ more than 2,400 employees not only in production but also in our own development center. We have been offering innovative products of professional Slovak development for global market for more than 10 years. Thanks to our lights, vehicles are more in-demand and safer.
Do you also want to be part of a team which innovates, is progressing and overcomes challenges on its path to the creation of „light“? As a successful player, we offer our employees an attractive and safe working environment, in accordance with our slogan „Bright Minds, Bright Lights“.
,,Information related to the selection process and processing of personal data organized by ZKW Slovakia s.r.o., Bedzianska cesta 679/375, Krušovce 956 31, Company ID: 36 657 913 (hereinafter referred to as the" Controller ") can be found at: https://zkw-group.com/datapolicy.“ Any questions regarding the processing and protection of personal data should be addressed to responsible person via the email address zodpovednaosoba@zkw.sk.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Kristína Krátka
Tel.:
+421908297924
E-mail:
send CV
Poslať životopis
Späť na zoznam
pracovných ponúk
Sme ZKW Group – špecialista na inovatívne prémiové svetelné systémy a elektroniku.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5225184
Dátum zverejnenia:
28.1.2026
2026-01-28
lokalita:
Krušovce
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
ZKW Slovakia s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month