Senior Android Mobile Engineer
Ciklum
Place of work
Obchodná, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 200 EUR/month
The salary starts from 3200 Euro gross. The final salary depends on the previous experience and professional knowledge of the candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Ciklum
is looking for a
Senior Android Mobile Engineer
to join our team full-time in Slovakia.
We are a custom product engineering company that supports both multinational organizations and scaling startups to solve their most complex business challenges. With a global team of over 4,000 highly skilled developers, consultants, analysts and product owners, we engineer technology
that redefines industries and shapes the way people live.
About the role:
As a Senior Android Mobile Engineer, become a part of a cross-functional development team engineering experiences of tomorrow.
Responsibilities:
Design and implement Android applications that enable seamless communication between mobile apps and physical devices
Contribute to redesigning and evolving the application architecture toward a unified platform across client products
Develop features related to device discovery, scanning, pairing, and connection management
Implement secure access management to device capabilities and permissions
Ensure high performance and reliability of connectivity-related features
Take ownership of architecture decisions (Clean Architecture, modularization, scalability)
Ensure consistently high code quality through reviews, testing, and best practices
Proactively propose improvements to user experience, performance, and technical solutions
Collaborate closely with product managers, designers, and backend engineers on shaping new features
Participate in technical interviews and contribute to team growth
Mentor middle and junior developers
Requirements:
Fully remote is NOT possible (at least 2-3 days/week in the office is a must)
Strong debugging and problem-solving skills
Strong understanding of core Computer Science principles
Experience designing scalable mobile architectures (Clean Architecture)
Experience working on applications that integrate with external systems or devices
Advanced Kotlin expertise
Experience building performant applications with low memory footprint
Experience with multi-module projects
Deep understanding of Android UI development
Strong knowledge of Android tooling (Android Studio, profilers, etc.
Solid understanding of Dependency Injection
Deep understanding of multithreading and concurrency
Experience working with background processing and asynchronous communication
Ability to rapidly prototype user experiences and interactions
Experience with unit, integration, and UI testing
Strong sense of code ownership and long-term maintainability
Experience with CI/CD pipelines
Experience configuring build and release processes
Desirable:
Experience working with Bluetooth, BLE, NFC, Wi-Fi Direct, or similar connectivity technologies
Experience integrating applications with physical devices or IoT ecosystems
Strong sense for UI/UX and product thinking
Experience working on large-scale consumer applications
Experience influencing technical direction beyond own tasks
What`s in it for you?
Strong community: Work alongside top professionals in a friendly, open-door culture that values initiative and empowers its people to succeed
Fast-paced & agile environment: Be part of a dynamic, fast-moving organization that champions efficiency and innovation
Global exposure: Collaborate with international, cross-functional teams and contribute to large-scale initiatives
Tailored learning: Boost your skills with internal events (meetups, conferences, workshops), Udemy access, language courses, and company-paid certifications
Flexibility: Balance office and remote work to fit your rhythm
Care: Take advantage of our extensive benefits offering, aligned with the best market standards
About us:
At Ciklum, we are always exploring innovations, empowering each other to achieve more, and engineering solutions that matter. With us, you’ll work with cutting-edge technologies, contribute to impactful projects, and be part of a One Team culture that values collaboration and progress.
Our Slovakia hub brings together passionate professionals working on global initiatives. Be part of a close-knit team that’s driving digital transformation and creating lasting impact.
Want to learn more about us?
Follow us on Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, stop by one of our IT meetups Nalejvárna.
Explore, empower, engineer with Ciklum!
Interested already? We would love to get to know you! Submit your application. We can’t wait to see you at Ciklum.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Ciklum is a global Experience Engineering firm that stands at the forefront of innovation, blending next-generation product engineering, exceptional customer experiences, and cutting-edge AI.
For over 20 years, Ciklum has been a trusted partner to global enterprises and digital disruptors, spearheading the creation of digital solutions that tackle complex corporate challenges while propelling businesses toward accelerated growth and success.
Its global team of over 4,000 highly skilled engineers, experienced design specialists and consultants joins forces to engineer technology that paves the way for the future of your business.
If you are looking for an interesting job opportunity and developing technologies that reimagine, reshape, and redefine the future, take a look at the vacancies at Ciklum here:
https://jobs.ciklum.com/offices/slovakia/
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Yaroslav Klivak
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5225599
Dátum zverejnenia:
29.1.2026
2026-01-29
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Android Developer
Spoločnosť:
Ciklum
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 200 EUR/month