Digital Support Officer
Edgar Baker s. r. o.
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
asap
Wage (gross)
2 400 EUR/month
from 2400€ gross/month (final salary depends on candidates seniority and relevant experience)
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
For our client we´re seeking a highly organized and detail-oriented Digital Support Officer to provide administrative, financial and logistical support for the implementation and operation of a digital portal.
Responsibilities:
Administrative support in the planning, preparation, carrying out and following-up of the implementation of the portal.
Financial administration, quality control and monitoring of related IT contracts and financial requirements, to ensure sound financial administration of the portal.
Organizing internal and external meetings and events (including logistical support, preparation of agenda, minutes, documents, invitations, follow-up, etc.) and providing administrative and general clerical, office, logistical and secretarial support to facilitate the operation of the portal.
Supporting the Portal Team Services Coordinator, specifically in communication and handling of external requests.
Provision of business continuity for the Portal Team Services Coordinator (in case of absences).
Employee perks, benefits
dynamic working environment
2 days homeoffice/week
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
State administration, public administration and local administration
EU projects.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
IT, Finance, Economy
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Office - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
project management
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
University degree in any related field.
At least 5 years of proven experience in administrative, financial, or project support roles.
Familiarity with financial monitoring and contract management.
Strong organizational and coordination skills with the ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Proficiency in MS Office and digital collaboration tools; knowledge of IT/digital project support is desirable.
Ability to work independently and as part of a team in a fast-paced, multicultural environment.
Excellent verbal and written communication in English.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Edgar Baker is young and dynamic Slovak company. We are HR proffesionals focusing on services as Executive Search, Expert recruitment, International Recruitment and HR Consulting. Members of our team have a longterm experience with selection of candidates precisely for production, logisitics, construction, financial, retail and technological companies. Our strongest values are 100 % quality service, guaranteed feedback and personal approach from our consultants
Contact
Contact person: Peter Kovács
Tel.:
+421917167985
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5225980
Dátum zverejnenia:
29.1.2026
2026-01-29
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
EU Project Coordinator
,
IT Consultant
,
IT Project Manager
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Office Manager
Spoločnosť:
Edgar Baker s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 400 EUR/month