Lenovo Slovakia
Benefits
Jobs
Contact us
Senior Reporting & Data Analyst
What do you need to succeed in this opportunity
7+ years of experience in a similar reporting or data analysis role.
Proficiency in Dynamic 365, SQL, VBA, Python, and Power BI.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to interpret complex datasets.
Experience in automating reporting processes and ensuring data accuracy.
Excellent communication skills to collaborate with stakeholders and provide training.
Ability to work independently and manage multiple reporting projects efficiently.
Required education
stredoškolské s maturitou
nadstavbové/vyššie odborné vzdelanie
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Stredne pokročilý (B2)
What will you do
We are looking for an experienced Senior Reporting & Data Analyst for ADI (Accidental Damage Insurance) to support our data-driven decision-making process by ensuring accurate, timely, and automated reporting solutions. The ideal candidate will be responsible for pulling and analyzing data from multiple sources, developing automated reports, and providing insights that drive efficiency and compliance with partners requirements.
Key Responsibilities:
Retrieve and consolidate data from various sources, including CX, business warehouse, LSUMP, and call center systems.
Calculate, evaluate, and report on Service Level Agreements (SLAs) across business areas such as call centers, complaint management, AWSP partners, and depots.
Develop and maintain automated reporting solutions to meet our insurance partner requirements.
Perform data analysis and visualization using Power BI.
Ensure the accuracy and quality of all reports while maintaining data integrity.
Provide training and support to end-users for effective utilization of reporting solutions.
Develop additional reports based on evolving business requirements.
Interest in staying current with technical innovations, process automation, and emerging trends in Artificial Intelligence (AI).
Proactive mindset toward leveraging technology to improve efficiency and enhance business outcomes.
Other information
Place of work:
Landererova, Bratislava, Slovensko (Pozícia umožňuje občasnú prácu z domu)
Salary offer (gross):
Od 3 100 EUR/mesiac
Base gross monthly salary starts from 3.100 EUR. The final offer could be, of course, negotiated higher than the advertised minimum - it all depends on your experience! In addition, there is also a variable part (a bonus) in value of 12% of your annual earnings.
Contract type:
plný úväzok
What we offer
Healthcare and well-being
Development
Work - life balance
Bonus system
Community life (CSR)
About Lenovo
Lenovo is a company in a constant state of
creation.
Here, you'll
architect
your own career,
pioneer
new ideas and
master
new skills.
Lenovo Slovakia employs more than
25 nationalities
and
is the biggest shared service center in Lenovo Group.
Our people share a common aspiration to
be the very best.
Whether
serving
our customers,
working
together as a team or
contributing
to the community, we are working to build
unique company.
APPLY
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5225489
Dátum zverejnenia:
28.1.2026
2026-01-28
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Databázový analytik
,
IT analytik
,
Python programátor
,
Špecialista reportingu
Spoločnosť:
Lenovo (Slovakia) s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 100 EUR/mesiac