O nás
Voľné pozície
Benefity
EN
SK
Staň sa súčasťou tímu vizionárov
Vytvárajme spolu budúcnosť kybernetickej bezpečnosti
späť na voľné pracovné miesta
Junior Global Website Specialist
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 1 700 EUR/month
Contract type
full-time
Junior Global Website Specialist is an entry-level position that supports local online teams and partners in maintaining and developing the ESET Global Website. You will work on a global level, focusing on specific markets, providing guidance in content adoption, CMS maintenance, basic troubleshooting, and helping local teams follow global website guidelines and best practices.
You will track local requirements, report bugs, propose improvements (with a mentor’s support), and participate in testing of website changes. You will independently handle minor tasks and contribute to larger initiatives under supervision.
In this role you will:
Act as a first point of contact for partners from selected markets to build, maintain and optimize their local corporate websites.
Support proper content adoption and publishing, coordinate implementation of minor website functionalities, and perform basic troubleshooting.
Configure basic Content Management System (CMS) settings and assist local webmasters with standard platform use.
Proactively communicate with local webmasters to gather inputs and requirements from individual countries.
Track market needs and requirements; in cooperation with a dedicated mentor propose improvements, oversee implementation, and report progress.
Share information about content updates, minor functionalities, and improvements via guidelines, manuals, and recommendations.
Contribute to documentation: write and update manuals and tutorials for new/updated minor website functionalities and features.
Check compliance of selected markets with website guidelines, recommendations, and defined best practices
Report bugs, create simple functional specifications, and under supervision participate in user acceptance testing (UAT).
Required experience and skills:
Interest and basic hands-on experience in website maintenance and digital/online marketing (e.g., internship, student project, part-time role).
Experience with a Content Management system (any CMS) and confidence working with web content (pages, navigation, components, forms).
Basic understanding of how websites work (HTML/CSS basics; ability to troubleshoot common issues is an advantage).
Strong communication skills: ability to explain solutions clearly to non-technical stakeholders in different countries.
Very good organizational skills, attention to detail, and ability to work with guidelines and processes.
English at B2 level or higher (written and spoken).
Nice to have (advantage):
Experience with ticketing/knowledge tools (e.g., Jira, Confluence or similar).
Basic knowledge of SEO principles and web analytics (e.g., GA4 or similar).
Experience coordinating small website updates with multiple stakeholders.
Interest in UX and web best practices.
How to apply
Please send us your CV (ideally in English). If available, include a short note describing you experience with websites/CMS and any relevant projects (school, personal, internship, freelance).
Kontaktná osoba
Maria Kukla
Poslať životopis
BENEFITY PRE TEBA
Flexibilita
Firemné podujatia
Benefity pre celú rodinu
Šport a zdravie Wellbeing
A ešte viac…
O ESETe
Spoločnosť ESET je globálnym lídrom v oblasti digitálnej bezpečnosti a je jedným z najväčších dodávateľov bezpečnostných riešení v Európskej únii. Zároveň je najväčšou a najoceňovanejšou IT firmou na Slovensku.
Už viac ako 30 rokov vyvíjame popredný softvér a služby zamerané na IT bezpečnosť a ochranu podnikov, kritickej infraštruktúry a domácností z celého sveta
Okrem vytvárania bezpečnostných riešení pre zákazníkov je našim cieľom aj aktívne prispievať k inovatívnej a zodpovednej spoločnosti v oblasti
vzdelávania
,
vedy
a
výskumu
.
V ESETe sú diverzita, rovnosť a inklúzia (DEI) neoddeliteľnou súčasťou firemnej kultúry. Sme hrdým signatárom a ambasádorom
Charty diverzity
. Snažíme sa vytvárať pracovné
prostredie
, kde sa každý cíti cenený a rešpektovaný. S otvorenosťou vítame záujem jednotlivcov zo všetkých prostredí -  vrátane rasy, pohlavia, veku, náboženstva, zdravotného znevýhodnenia, či sexuálnej orientácie.
Viac sa o nás dozviete na
našej stránke
.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5225398
Dátum zverejnenia:
28.1.2026
2026-01-28
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Online shop administrator
,
Web Designer
,
Webmaster
Spoločnosť:
ESET, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 700 EUR/month