Join the
banking revolution
Vacancies
Benefits
About us
Contact
Vacancies
Cyber Security Specialist
Place of work
Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
The final remuneration will be determined based on the candidate’s experience.
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Description
Do you want to work on real security challenges in a
fintech
environment?
We’re looking for
a Cyber Security Specialist
to join the Security Team at our
Bratislava or Žilina office
. If this role aligns with your experience and what you’re looking for, feel free to apply.
Briefing
Detection & Incident Response
: Act as a core member of the SOC team to monitor, analyze, and remediate security incidents across a global infrastructure.
SIEM Engineering
: Participate in the expansion and optimization of our SIEM solution, developing custom detection rules and enhanced security dashboards.
Risk & Posture Analysis
: Perform continuous assessments of our security performance and technical risks to provide the CISO with actionable data.
Vulnerability Management
: Drive the end-to-end vulnerability lifecycle, from scanning and assessment to coordinating remediation with Cloud, IT and App teams.
Operations
: Conduct infrastructure and application security assessments to ensure "Security by Design" across projects.
About You
You have
a university degree in IT, IT Security,
or a comparable field.
You have at least
1 year
of experience working in
IT security.
You have knowledge of
security best practices, system hardening, and the implementation of security solutions.
You have experience with
enterprise networks and cloud environments.
You are fluent in
Business English
, as English is our official company language.
You have a team-oriented mindset and willingness to further develop professionally.
Information about the selection process
Please apply via: https://ohpen.jobs.personio.com/job/2512627?language=en&display=en
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Ohpen delivers a cloud-based software solution for financial institutions. With offices in Slovakia, the Netherlands, UK, and Spain we help financial institutions get rid of their legacy. With a strong team we share the same objective; provide our customers with the highest possible quality out there.
Ohpen was founded by former bankers to manage retail investments, savings, current accounts, loans, and mortgages and was the first in the world to bring a bank fully to the cloud. We´ve been active for over 10 years and changing banking and FinTech the world over.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Valentína Horváthová
E-mail:
send CV
Send CV
Career at Ohpen
http://ohpen.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5226855
Dátum zverejnenia:
30.1.2026
2026-01-30
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
Spoločnosť:
OHPEN Technology Slovakia, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month