Experienced Game Developer
Greentube Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Moldavská cesta 8B, Košice
Contract type
full-time
Start date
By agreement
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
The salary will depend on the candidate’s experience and will be discussed during the recruitment process.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Do you want to build online
computer games
? We’d love to have you on board.
We are currently looking for an experienced
Game Developer
to join our team of specialists.
You will collaborate with skilled designers, artists, animators, and developers.
You’ll gain hands-on experience using technologies that are becoming industry standards in game development.
Employee perks, benefits
We believe great work happens when people feel supported, inspired, and balanced. By supporting our employees, we create an environment where everyone thrives and reaches their full potential. That’s why we provide:​
Friendly, informal and relaxed work environment
Flexible working hours with occasional home office
Team-buildings
Language courses
Meal vouchers (fully paid by employer)
Fruit, coffee, tea available in the office
Cafeteria bonus system
Supporting your personal and professional development - the opportunities to attend in various trainings, courses or meetups
"Refer a friend" benefit - the opportunity to receive a financial bonus when referring a friend for an open vacancy​​
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
C# - Advanced
Personality requirements and skills
Higher technical education (or equivalent programming or software engineering experience)
Solid understanding of programming theory and OOP concepts
Strong programming skills in C#
Proficiency with a game engine Unity 3D is an advantage
Experience with object-oriented programming
Good written and spoken English, as you will collaborate with international colleagues
Positive mindset and a willingness to learn
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Greentube Slovakia is Greentube’s mobile branch and the industry’s first choice in providing B2B companies with casino games that run seamlessly on all platforms (desktop and mobile). Strong HTML5 competencies are the hallmark of this company: Greentube Slovakia is among the best of the best when it comes to transforming the famous games of the NOVOMATIC Group into high-quality mobile solutions. Players are eager to take their games with them wherever they might go, from the daily commute to a night out with friends, and Greentube Slovakia continuously delivers!
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Jana Stankovičová
Tel.:
+421904613943
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5226865
Dátum zverejnenia:
30.1.2026
2026-01-30
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
C# Programmer
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Greentube Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month