Medior Identity Engineer
Evolveum s. r. o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, part-time
Start date
Immediately
Wage (gross)
1 800 - 3 300 EUR/month
The final salary depends on the candidate's experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Utilize your knowledge to shape new best practices with midPoint, and explore emerging trends to integrate them into widely adopted practices. Enjoy the job’s versatility, as each project is unique and deals with different complexity, use cases, as well as exciting and possibly rare tasks. Be prepared that this position will challenge you in many ways and help you grow beyond your current expertise. You will have the opportunity to study industry standards, expand your knowledge of system architecture and best practices, and apply them in real-world scenarios. While the role is demanding, it offers an accelerated learning curve and a unique opportunity to make significant progress in your career.
Be the identity security champion supporting the design and operations of midPoint.
Use new concepts in the field and put then into practice.
Deal with expert vendor level issues like performance or security and collaborate with developers on product improvement.
Share your experience and ideas to improve and simplify the usage of midPoint.
Provide consultations and hands-on help with project realizations from analysis, through delivery, up to go-live.
Groovy scripting, configuration (such as role management and identity management and identity governnace processes), system integration.
Occasionally present your work by writing technical blogs and preparing presentations.
Work in a tight team of open-minded professionals.
Be the person responsible for your time management and workflow to meet agreed deadlines.
Employee perks, benefits
Remote first - Work conveniently from home like most of our team, or join the rest of the colleagues in offices located in Bratislava and Košice.
Professional open source - Join one of the biggest open source projects in identity management & governance, and embrace the pure open source philosophy.
Your public profile - Build your own personal brand with pride and nothing to hide. Jump on our open source wave and develop midPoint openly with us.
Self-development - The space for your personal growth at Evolveum is limitless. Use it to the maximum and watch the team support you in doing so.
Freedom at work - It’s all in your hands: enjoy flexible working hours, no middle management watching over your shoulder, and even the software & hardware of your choice.
Room for pet projects - Do you have a vision you would like to work on in addition to your main responsibilities? Use the opportunity to allocate some of your work time to a pet project.
Meritocracy at its best - Count on merit in terms of competency, ability, and achievements when it comes to taking over responsibilities and your position on the team.
Pro-employee environment - Work at a company that values its employees and shows it through possible extra vacation time, financial bonuses, career growth opportunities, and educational resources.
Even a 4-day work week - Join a company that values your grind and results over time spent in front of your screen. Evolveum is open to negotiating your time availability to fit your needs.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Intermediate (B1)
Other knowledge
Identity and Access Management (IAM) - Skillful
Scripting - Advanced
LDAP - Beginner
System integrations and connectivity - Skillful
Personality requirements and skills
System configuration - Background in system configuration, including standards, protocols, and security best practices.
Identity management - Familiarity with the identity management and identity governance field is an advantage.
Scripting experience - Proven experience with programming or scripting
Flexibility - The ability to work in a fast-paced environment with frequent context switching.
Communication - Adequate communication skills, capable of explaining complex ideas clearly in person, in writing, or through technical documentation.
Continuous improvement - Highly motivated to continuously learn and improve, with the ability to stay up-to-date on the latest industry developments and technologies.
Independence - The ability to work independently, in a team, and with customers.
​
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Evolveum is a globally recognized EU-based organization that was established in 2011. With its dedicated team of professionals, Evolveum is the creator and maintainer of the leading open source identity platform midPoint. The feature set covering identity governance and administration makes midPoint an ideal choice for organizations seeking digital transformation to enhance security and efficiency.
Thanks to its worldwide effect, midPoint has a valuable community that provides a great source of knowledge and a place to share ideas. And when the IGA journey gets turbulent, Evolveum’s paid services and partners in over 45 countries are there to ensure organizations have the best midPoint experience possible. That is how Evolveum, even though it is a vendor of a completely open source product, has stable revenue that allows it to have a full-time dedicated technical and non technical team.
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Ľubomíra Repašská
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5226888
Dátum zverejnenia:
30.1.2026
2026-01-30
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
,
Software Engineer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Evolveum s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 800 EUR/month