About us
Our benefits
Open positions
QA Engineer
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 800 - 4 600 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between EUR 2,800 and EUR 4,600 per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers:
•	the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, 
•	the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience.
In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits.
Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you a technology fan and impressed by aircrafts and ships or are you fascinated by nature and agriculture? Do you want to be part of the energy transition to renewables, or do you see yourself as the cyber guardian? If your response is yes, continue to read our job offer. We are working on all these products and are growing our team!
About the Role
You will drive quality assurance of our tools and platforms. You have an entrepreneurial spirit with a pragmatic, hands-on mindset focused on achieving progress as well as an open-minded, intellectually curious approach to everything you do.
Your responsibilities will be:
•	Set up and/or coordinate testing activities
•	Create detailed, comprehensive test plans and test cases
•	Creating and maintaining tests for the application
•	Configuring and making sure the automated tests are running properly
•	Clarifying and discussing with the BA and PO what needs to be tested
About the Team
If tackling complex challenges in a wide range of industries excites you, then join our innovative team, where you are at the forefront of creating new ingenious solutions in a collaborative way.
Our team is an empowered tech counterpart for business units, responsible for the design and implementation of inventive data projects. We develop new analytics capabilities and improve Swiss Re's risk assessment capabilities.
Joining us, you will learn not only how insurance premiums are modelled and how data analytics can enrich business but also improve in stakeholders' management, agile development practices and tools used to drive impactful projects.
Employee perks, benefits
You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
We are looking for enthusiastic individuals who can be effective leaders with functional and operational expertise. You must be a good communicator who builds trust-based relationships within the squad and among partners.
If you possess traits and experience that match most of the below, we’d love to hear from you:
•	Good knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes
•	Knowledge of the following tools and languages: TypeScript / JavaScript, Cypress / Playwright
•	Previous experience with software quality assurance
•	Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with orientation to detail
•	Ability to work with tight deadlines, prioritize and re-prioritize around changing organizational objectives and timelines
•	Exposure to agile development approaches (e.g. Scrum) and familiarity with tools like Azure DevOps, Confluence
Any of the below traits and experience are a major plus:
•	Hands-on experience with automated testing tools
•	Experience with performance and/or security testing
•	Experience in the Re-/Insurance industry
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Juraj Naderer
Apply here
ID:
5226014
Dátum zverejnenia:
29.1.2026
2026-01-29
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
,
IT Tester
,
Programmer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month