Lenovo Slovakia
Benefits
Jobs
Contact us
EMEA CEC Technical Training Coordinator
What do you need to succeed in this opportunity
- 3–5 years of experience developing and delivering training in a technical environment.
- Strong communication and presentation skills.
- Knowledge of call‑center environments is an advantage.
- Proficiency in written and spoken English; fluency in another European language is an advantage.
- Ability to communicate effectively in a multicultural environment.
- Solid knowledge of wired and wireless networking technologies; certification is an advantage.
- Software problem‑determination skills and experience with Lenovo TVT tools, PC/tablet, Linux, Android OS, server support or HW/SW testing is an advantage.
- Logical and methodical approach to resolving issues; ability to work independently with clear priorities; proficiency in Outlook, PowerPoint, Word and Excel.
Required education
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
What will you do
- Own and manage the technical training program across CEC and field repair vendors in EMEA.
- Deliver technical trainings to CEC teams and repair vendors.
- Drive training completion, administer post‑training knowledge checks, and coordinate required improvement actions with vendors.
- Enhance and deliver training programs focused on new product introductions.
- Review worldwide online trainings and customize them to meet EMEA needs.
- Gather quality‑related inputs from Lenovo functions and develop targeted trainings to address identified gaps.
- Support customer‑centricity through CEC system trainings and by developing troubleshooting guidelines and knowledge articles to reduce repeated repairs.
- Collaborate closely with Lenovo services teams, including CEC, L2/3 Technical Support, spare parts, quality, customer care, and worldwide training teams, and participate in AI‑implementation initiatives.
Other information
Place of work:
Landererova 12, Old Town
Salary offer (gross):
From 2 800 EUR/month
Base gross monthly salary from minimum 2800 EUR and above, depending on experience + variable part 12% of your annual earnings.
Contract type:
full-time
What we offer
Healthcare and well-being
Development
Work - life balance
Bonus system
Community life (CSR)
About Lenovo
Lenovo is a company in a constant state of
creation.
Here, you'll
architect
your own career,
pioneer
new ideas and
master
new skills.
Lenovo Slovakia employs more than
25 nationalities
and
is the biggest shared service center in Lenovo Group.
Our people share a common aspiration to
be the very best.
Whether
serving
our customers,
working
together as a team or
contributing
to the community, we are working to build
unique company.
APPLY
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5226530
Dátum zverejnenia:
30.1.2026
2026-01-30
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Master of Professional Education and Training
,
Network and Service Operation Specialist
,
Service Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Lenovo (Slovakia) s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month