Senior SAP FI/CO Consultant
DXC Technology
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
02/02/2026
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
Salary can be higher depending on experience and skillset.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About DXC Czech Republic
We are DXC – a Fortune 500 global IT services leader.
We are among the largest IT employers, delivering the full spectrum of the company’s diverse technical portfolio. Our teams work across cutting-edge technologies, contributing to projects that span industries and geographies.
We foster continuous learning and professional growth, offering access to targeted training and certifications aligned with individual interests and career aspirations.
Our culture of collaboration, innovation, and shared values empowers professionals to grow and succeed.
About the role
We are looking for an enthusiastic and agile SAP FI/CO consultant. We need experience at Finance (FI) and Controlling (CO) both SAP ECC a S/4HANA. SAP FICO consultant is mainly responsible for designing, building and deploying SAP-based ERP solutions; leading analysis and design in the SAP FI/CO area in close cooperation with the client’s finance team. You will closely cooperate with SAP solution architect, other consultants, project manager and support team and your peers, of course, both on and off-site.
Daily challenges
Analysis and documentation of SAP systems (processes, functions, methods and practices)
System configuration and migration
Testing of configured SAP System FI, CO
Education of key/end users in system operation
Maintain documentation about processes and system setup
Prepare functional specifications and work closely with SAP solution architect and developers
Participation in SAP presales, solutioning and client interactions
Participation in SAP implementation/development projects
eXperience and skills required
5+ years of experience with module FI and CO. FI-CA is an advantage.
Experience in Solution design for S/4 HANA and migration SAP ECC to S/4 HANA
Experience in on of following areas insurance and manufacturing
ABAP knowledge is welcome (bug fixing, debugging)
Data Migration Experience
Excellent analytical skills and problem-solving skills
Certification S/4 HANA is benefit
Good (oral and written) in English and fluently in Czech/Slovak
Excellent analytical skills and problem-solving skills
Open mind for new experience at SAP and non-SAP environment.
Able to work on projects and tasks on their own
Happy to work in a team – good communication skills.
Employee perks, benefits
Company benefits
​Extra 3 vacation days
​​​Flexible working hours
Work from home option
​​​Meal tickets covering 100% of value by the employer
​​​Sick days
Employee Assistance Program
Multisport card
Benefit Plus system (exceptional amount to spend for various options – sports, books, activities, vouchers etc)
​​​Public transport subsidy​​​
At DXC Technology, we believe strong connections and community are key to our success. Our work model prioritizes in-person collaboration while offering flexibility to support wellbeing, productivity, individual work styles, and life circumstances. We’re committed to fostering an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive.
If you feel comfortable with the above-mentioned requirements, please send us your
CV in English
.
Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.
DXC Technology stands for equal opportunities, namely, we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, disability, or sexual orientation.  All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience, and relevant business requirements.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
and
Czech - Advanced (C1)
Experience in the position/sector
5+
Personality requirements and skills
eXperience and skills required
5+ years of experience with module FI and CO. FI-CA is an advantage.
Experience in Solution design for S/4 HANA and migration SAP ECC to S/4 HANA
Experience in on of following areas insurance and manufacturing
ABAP knowledge is welcome (bug fixing, debugging)
Data Migration Experience
Excellent analytical skills and problem-solving skills
Certification S/4 HANA is benefit
Good (oral and written) in English and fluently in Czech/Slovak
Excellent analytical skills and problem-solving skills
Open mind for new experience at SAP and non-SAP environment.
Able to work on projects and tasks on their own
Happy to work in a team – good communication skills.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
With 1200+ employees DXC Technology Slovakia belongs to the biggest Slovak IT companies. DXC Technology is a Fortune 500 global IT services leader. Our more than 130,000 people in 70+ countries are entrusted by our customers to deliver what matters most.
We use the power of technology to deliver mission critical IT services across the Enterprise Technology Stack to drive business impact. DXC is an employer of choice with strong values, and fosters a culture of inclusion, belonging and corporate citizenship.
We are DXC.
Your career info : https://www.dxc.com/us/en/careers
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Lili Yankulova
Tel.:
+35924926207
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5227782
Dátum zverejnenia:
2.2.2026
2026-02-02
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
,
IT Product Manager
,
IT Project Manager
,
IT System Administrator
Spoločnosť:
DXC Technology
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month