Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
ICT Administrator III
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 150 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Job Description
DT Technik team is good at task planning and resource coordination, providing fast response, clear and professional information that explains the essence of technical matters. We are willing to help solve problems, we have pleasant and friendly atmosphere at work.
Main Purpose as a WM Ware Engineer is
Perform, coordinate and improve most complex activities (3rd level environment) needed to provide IT services and the supporting infrastructure in order to fulfill relevant KPI’s
Plan, implement and maintain a stable technical infrastructure to support organization’s business processes
Identify weaknesses in used processes and eliminate them following industry and internal standards.
What will you do?
Server maintenance and optimization
- Resolution of Hardware Issues, Investigation and Reconnection of ESXi Hosts, vCenter Error and Warning Resolution, Enhancement of ESXi Host Monitoring, License potential replacement, Network Adapter Management, SAN Connection and Audit and Update of ACMDB
Installation & configuration FINAL VMI RAMP UP 26
- Deployment of vCenter Server Appliance, vCenter Server Configuration, Installation of ESXi Operating System, Configuration of ESXi Servers, Monitoring Setup, Troubleshooting and Issue Resolution, Shared Datastore Integration and Virtual Machine Migration
Migration from old VMI
- Assessment and Planning, Network and Storage Configuration, Pilot Migration, Validation, Choose Migration Method, Data Transfer and Post-Migration Validation
Periodic activities
- Patch Management and Updates, Performance Monitoring, Resource Optimization, Security Audits, Capacity Planning and Snapshot Management
Un-Periodic activities
- Incident Response, Configuration of Changes, Integration of new Hardware / Software, User Management , Policy Updates and Trouble Shooting & Problem Resolution
You will succeed if you:
have Information technologies - Secondary education
have experience 3 years
are communicative, team player and have analytical thinking, training/mentoring skills, presentation skills and negotiation skills
speak English - Upper intermediate (B2)
speak German advantage - Upper intermediate (B2)
Possible specialisation
Participation on on-call duties
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 150 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lívia Tomečková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5227304
Dátum zverejnenia:
2.2.2026
2026-02-02
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Network Administrator
,
IT System Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 150 EUR/month