Global HR Reporting Support - Grow your analytical skills in an international environment
Talent Solutions, s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
part-time, internship, work experience
Wage (gross)
6,5 EUR/hour
The final salary depends on the skills and experience of the candidate, and might be higher than the advertised sum.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you interested in working with data? Do you see yourself as data and tech savvy? If yes, this might be the right role for you! For Henkel, a global company producing chemical products, we're looking for a part-timer to support the Global HR Reporting Team.
We are mainly looking for English speaker with intermediate Excel skills and data / tech savvy mindset. For the rest of the skills, the team will be happy to teach you.
Tasks:
- Learn something new every day
- Support with regular and ad hoc HR Reporting
- Identify and extract data from HR systems, validate, clean, and deliver the data
- Identify potential automation areas and develop automated solutions
- Provide analytical consulting and analytics expertise
- Support our team in the agile delivery of cutting-edge data-driven HR projects and global HR reporting / analytics tools and initiatives
- Work in a global, multinational, dynamic and fast-paced environment
Employee perks, benefits
- Hybrid working model
- Wide range of training opportunities
- Health and mental wellbeing days
- Multisport card
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
We are one of the top 3 recruitment agencies in Slovakia, operating on the Slovak market since 2002. In providing our services, we bring together the interests of both groups – job seekers and employers. Our main task is to provide people with jobs and companies with the talent they need to thrive.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Excel - Advanced
SAP administration - Basic
Python - Basic
Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) - Basic
Personality requirements and skills
- Intermediate Excel (functions like vlookup, conditional formatting, filters, ifs, contingent tables)
- Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English
- Creative problem-solving skills and great attention to detail
- Power Query, VBA, SQL, Python and Power BI would be beneficial
- Open mindset with drive to continuously learn
- Data and technology affinity
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Talent Solutions has been operating in Slovakia since 2002, and it has built a network of nine branches and onsite offices throughout the country.
Talent Solutions has proven to be a flexible and unbiased company with respect for the specific characteristics and requirements of the Slovak job market, without compromising on the quality of services.
Even after many years on the market, we have not deviated from our mission to anticipate our clients’ needs and adhere to the highest standards that guarantee individual effective solutions.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Kristián Psotný
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5227449
Dátum zverejnenia:
2.2.2026
2026-02-02
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Assistant
,
Business Analyst
,
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Talent Solutions, s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
6,5 EUR/hour