Windows System Engineer (Public Safety)
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Place of work
Karadžičova 8, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
3 500 EUR/month
Freelancer´s hourly rate upon agreement. The final basic wage component will be adjusted to individual skills and experience of selected candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services (FSS)
as a member of the Austrian Group FREQUENTIS AG, is focused on software development, system engineering and delivery of safety-critical voice communication and information systems. Our solutions are developed and distributed in the following business segments:
Air Traffic Management & Defence
(civil and military air traffic control, aeronautical information management),
Public Safety
(police, fire and rescue services, emergency medical services) and
Public Transport & Maritime
(railway and urban transport solutions, vessel traffic management).​
We are looking for a
System Engineer
who will be responsible for the technical implementation of our services and the associated quality assurance measures during the service period in the
Public Safety
domain.
Join our team and help us make our solutions even more reliable. Work for an international technological leader and enjoy the benefits of flexible working arrangements and our focus on a good work-life balance.
Your Main Responsibilities:
Integrating systems and system components into existing system environments.
Designing, planning and technically executing changes and extensions to existing systems (change requests).
Updating technical documentation on systems and their interfaces.
Coordinating with product development teams and/or development teams on error analysis and troubleshooting.
Technical Skills & Competencies:
Windows servers
- installation, configuration, and maintenance, including updates, upgrades & troubleshooting issues
PowerShell
scripting
Solid experience with
virtualization platforms
(VMware preferred)
Experience with various
storage
technologies
Good understanding of basic
networking
Understanding of
clustering
concepts
Generating documentation:
step-by-step instructions for other engineers as well as specifications and requirements
Skills considered as an advantage:
Experience with cloud platforms, monitoring software, backup solutions
Experience with SBC & PABX
Install, configure, and maintain Linux servers (particularly RHEL), including updates, upgrades & troubleshooting issues
Experience with Ansible
Personality requirements & Skills:
Analytical skills
to localize errors and sources of errors in distributed systems
Professional
communication
and client relationship skills, even during critical situations
Precise and thorough
documentation
abilities
Willingness to travel occasionally
You are flexible, self-driven, dedicated, goal-oriented and structured in how you approach your work
You can integrate yourself into a larger cooperation, follow corporate processes
Employee perks, benefits
Training and development program (business and product trainings, language course)
Employee Referral Program (financial reward for recommending a successful candidate
Employee assistance program (law consultations, finance/tax consultations, psychological assistance paid by employer)
Meal contribution fully paid by the company
Multisport card/Pension scheme contribution (DDS)
Flexible working hours, home office
Refreshments, company & team events
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Information Technology, Telecommunications
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Our Bratislava-based company FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is part of the Austrian FREQUENTIS group (www.frequentis.com). We are a leading global supplier of communication and information solutions for safety-critical applications, such as for air traffic control towers, public safety control rooms (112) or air defense forces. Our mission-critical solutions cover diverse areas, such as telephony and radio communication, Geographical Information Systems (GIS), incident and resource management, video surveillance and automatic video analytics.
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is specialized in software development and project delivery. Together with our parent company we are developing FREQUENTIS’ next generation control room solutions, using state-of-the-art technologies and processes. Our delivery teams then deploy those solutions at our customers around the globe, with responsibility for commercial and technical project management, engineering and quality assurance.
To grow our team, we are constantly looking for talents in all these fields. Our company offers an interesting and challenging technical environment, a people-focused culture with emphasis on a good work-life-balance and, if desired, a long-term development and career opportunities.
For our customers, lives may be at stake and seconds count. Our solutions thus need to be developed to the highest standards when it comes to usability and reliability. Safety is what guides us from the first designs till the final tests of any of our solutions. If those are the kinds of challenges that excite you, then you have come to the right place!
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Eva Lajchová
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5227862
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.2.2026
2026-02-03
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Systems Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month