About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Principal Software Engineer
Apply Now
Date posted:
2.2.2026
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 4 466 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is €4466 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our new Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
In this role at our state-of-the-art center, you will have the opportunity to grow your skills and create solutions that will benefit patients around the world. Become the heart of our internal innovation engine.
At Takeda we unite in diversity!
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive workplace, where individuals are recognized for the diverse backgrounds and abilities they bring to our company. We are continually improving workplace experience and accessibility for everyone, and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our Team.
The Opportunity
As a Principal Software Engineer for Copilot Connectors, you will be responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining connectors that enable seamless integration with various AI systems. You will work closely with business teams, platform owners, and architects to ensure that integrations meet organizational goals and technical standards. This role requires a strong background in API development, backend development, and related technologies.
Responsibilities
-     Develop and maintain a portfolio of connectors that enable seamless integration with AI systems.
Develop and implement metadata requirements for connectors to facilitate AI usage.
Monitor and evaluate the performance of connectors, implementing improvements and optimizations as necessary.
Collaborate with business teams to understand integration requirements and provide technical expertise.
Work with platform owners and architects to ensure connectors align with enterprise architecture standards.
Lead technical discussions and presentations with business teams, providing insights and recommendations for connector strategies.
Lead and mentor a development team in building custom applications, workflows, and integrations.
Provide technical guidance and leadership to the development team, ensuring adherence to best practices.
Ensure effective communication between systems by implementing seamless integrations with APIs, connectors, and middleware tools.
Drive continuous improvement initiatives to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of the platforms.
Create technical documentation, including design specifications, system architecture, and integration guidelines. Conduct training sessions to educate team members and end-users on platform functionality and best practices.
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to our Benefits page (button above).
• Cafeteria
• Medical - High standard medical care
• Bridge days
• Summer Hours
• Multisport Card
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
Required
- Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related study, or equivalent experience.
- 7+ years of relevant professional experience in leading software development teams and developing software solutions.
- Extensive experience with RESTful API and .NET/C# backend development.
- Experience in leading highly performant tech teams, with demonstrated skills in guiding and mentoring development teams, setting standards, and conducting code reviews.
- Demonstrated leadership skills in guiding and mentoring cross-functional development teams. Ability to provide technical guidance, set coding standards, conduct code reviews, and ensure adherence to best practices. Strong communication and collaboration skills to work effectively with cross-functional teams and stakeholders.
- Experience in prototyping, as well as operating at scale, with focus on writing clean, encapsulated and well documented code.
- Extensive experience in designing and implementing integrations between systems using middleware tools. Familiarity with various integration patterns, protocols, and technologies (such as REST, SOAP, JSON, XML).
- Adept at analyzing complex technical issues, identifying root causes, and implementing effective solutions. Proficient in debugging, performance optimization, and troubleshooting mobile/web applications.
- Familiarity with Agile methodologies and project management tools.
- Excellent oral and written communication skills, business acumen, and enterprise knowledge. Ability to translate complex tech concepts to non-tech stakeholders.
- Proficiency in English in both verbal and written communication is a must.
Preferred
- Experience with OpenAPI specifications, Microsoft PowerApps, Power Automate and Copilot Studio.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5227444
Dátum zverejnenia:
2.2.2026
2026-02-02
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 466 EUR/month