Medior Java/JavaScript Software Engineer (Air Traffic Management)
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Place of work
Karadžičova 8, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
3 500 EUR/month
Minimum 3 500  EUR brutto. Freelancer´s hourly rate upon agreement. The final basic wage component will be adjusted to individual skills and experience of selected candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We provide communication and information systems for control centers with safety-critical tasks. Control Centre Solutions’ are developed and distributed by FREQUENTIS in the business segments Air Traffic Management (civil and military air traffic control, aeronautical information management, air defence) and Public Safety & Transport (police, fire and rescue services, emergency medical services, vessel traffic and railways).
If you wish to apply your experience and enthusiasm to the backend development of an innovative ATM audio and communication system then the X10 team is for you!
Frequentis X10 is the optimal solution for all kinds of Air Traffic Control (ATC) operations, from low-traffic regional towers to  high-end area control centres, including the new generation of ATC operations, such as regular and multi-remote towers, virtual centres and traffic management for uncrewed aircraft. The system permanently runs a duplicated parallel audio stream for every air/ground connection to guarantee uninterrupted audio.
​The main responsibility is to maintain and enhance the Configurator, a tool that allows our service engineers to easily configure and deploy their services and clusters, even without Java/JavaScript knowledge. You will implement new features based on user requests, improve existing functionality, and ensure seamless integration and deployment via Docker.
Main Tasks:
•	You will focus on the development, configuration, and deployment of our in-house Configurator product, which is used for configuring and deploying clusters and services running in Docker environments.
•	You will analyse requirements, design and development of SW solutions for radio, phone  and data communication systems.
•	You will use the tools for code analysis and automated testing.
•	You will document SW solutions in accordance with the international quality standards.
•	You will contribute to the safer SW solutions using agile development, automated testing, and continuous integrations.
Used Software & Technologies:
•	Java 17 (backend), React (frontend), TypeScript (frontend)
• REST API (for communication between frontend and backend)
• Docker, Maven, Git, Jenkins
•	JavaScript, CSS
Education:
•	Technical education in IT
Know-how and experience:
•	Experience with the operations systems Windows, UNIX/Linux
•	Experience with Java - advanced
•	English & Slovak language - proficient in spoken and written communication
Employee perks, benefits
Training and development program (business and product trainings, language course)
Employee Referral Program (financial reward for recommending a successful candidate
Employee assistance program (law consultations, finance/tax consultations, psychological assistance paid by employer)
Meal contribution fully paid by the company
Multisport card/Pension scheme contribution (DDS)
Flexible working hours, home office
Refreshments, company & team events
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Telecommunications, Information Technologies
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Java (backend) - Skillful
UNIX/Linux - Skillful
JavaScript - Advanced
React - Skillful
TypeScript - Skillful
Personality requirements and skills
​Communicative and sensitive for different work cultures (we have customers all over the world)
Be an active listener and able to reflect on other people´s inputs and opinions
Ability to think fast and come up with creative solutions
​Remote work is acceptable, except during the training period (which requires visiting the Bratislava or Vienna office) and after the training phase, once per quarter for PI planning (Vienna)​
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Our Bratislava-based company FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is part of the Austrian FREQUENTIS group (www.frequentis.com). We are a leading global supplier of communication and information solutions for safety-critical applications, such as for air traffic control towers, public safety control rooms (112) or air defense forces. Our mission-critical solutions cover diverse areas, such as telephony and radio communication, Geographical Information Systems (GIS), incident and resource management, video surveillance and automatic video analytics.
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is specialized in software development and project delivery. Together with our parent company we are developing FREQUENTIS’ next generation control room solutions, using state-of-the-art technologies and processes. Our delivery teams then deploy those solutions at our customers around the globe, with responsibility for commercial and technical project management, engineering and quality assurance.
To grow our team, we are constantly looking for talents in all these fields. Our company offers an interesting and challenging technical environment, a people-focused culture with emphasis on a good work-life-balance and, if desired, a long-term development and career opportunities.
For our customers, lives may be at stake and seconds count. Our solutions thus need to be developed to the highest standards when it comes to usability and reliability. Safety is what guides us from the first designs till the final tests of any of our solutions. If those are the kinds of challenges that excite you, then you have come to the right place!
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Eva Lajchová
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5227731
Dátum zverejnenia:
2.2.2026
2026-02-02
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Java Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month