Join Brightpick – Where Real-World AI and Robotics Comes to Life
At Brightpick, we build intelligent robots that solve complex logistics challenges using advanced AI, computer vision, and autonomous mobility. Our flagship robot, the Brightpick Autopicker, is truly unique: a robotic platform in place of feet, a robotic arm instead of a hand, a 3D scanner for vision, and AI algorithms as its brain — all seamlessly integrated to enable autonomous movement and intelligent decision-making.
Why Brightpick?
Fully in-house tech: from hardware to AI & algorithms. Also design and manufacturing!
Rapid rollout and proven results in the EU and US
A place where you can thrive and accelerate your career growth
Headquartered in Bratislava, but delivering our solutions all around the world, we’re a tight-knit team of 200+ engineers, builders, and problem-solvers. We move fast, think bold, build technology that matters.
Pridaj sa k Brightpick - Kde ožívajú robotické aplikácie spolu s AI
V Brightpicku vytvárame inteligentné roboty, ktoré riešia komplexné logistické výzvy pomocou pokročilej umelej inteligencie, počítačového videnia a autonómnej mobility. Náš vlajkový robot, Brightpick Autopicker, je skutočne jedinečný. Robotická platforma namiesto nôh, robotické rameno namiesto ruky, 3D skener ako oči a AI algoritmy ako rozum. Všetko dokonale integrované pre autonómny pohyb a inteligentné rozhodovanie.
Prečo Brightpick?
Naše vlastné technológie: od hardvéru až po AI a algoritmy. A tiež samotné dizajnovanie a výroba robotov!
Rýchla implementácia a preukázateľné výsledky v EÚ a USA
Miesto, kde môžeš napredovať a urýchliť svoj kariérny rast
Naše sídlo je v Bratislave, no naše riešenia dodávame po celom svete. Sme zohratý tím viac ako 200 inžinierov, vývojárov a riešiteľov problémov. Vďaka nášmu nasadeniu a práci, ktorá nás napĺňa, budujeme technológie, na ktorých záleží.
Senior Infrastructure Administrator
Place of work
Plynárenská 6, Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
The primary objective of a Senior Infrastructure Administrator is to ensure the reliability, security, and efficiency of an organization’s ICT infrastructure.
This role balances day-to-day operational support with long-term infrastructure management and optimization.
Location
Bratislava
Type of employment
Full-time
Salary (brutto)
From € 3000/month based on seniority and experience
Core responsibilities:
Configuration and administration of IT infrastructure
Analysis and isolation of problems, troubleshooting
Management of IT knowledge base
Monitoring, Reporting & Continuous Improvement
Configuration management
Creating and maintaining relevant documentation between parties
Close cooperation with project management teams
Coordination and execution of integration with customer
Support of production environment
Requirements:
General knowledge of IT in the domain of system administration, databases, network, wifi, security, and HA deployments)
Experience with setup, administration, and troubleshooting of LAN/WAN and its IP services (DHCP, DNS, Firewall, and basic routing)
Experience with the full life cycle of IT infrastructure deployment (engineering, deployment, updating, patching)
Experience with multi-site monitoring and system auditing
Experience with Cyber Security - understanding basic concepts
At least 5 years of experience with IT infrastructure in roles such system administrator, IT operations manager/specialist, infrastructure specialist
Experience with Virtualization technologies and containerization technologies
Experience with Linux administration
Willingness to learn new technologies
Responsible team player with good communication skills
Great command of English and Slovak language
Preferred Skill Set/Nice to have:
Experience with monitoring - Zabbix or similar
Experience with containerization - Docker
Experience with virtualization - Proxmox, VMware or similar
Experience with writing / reading Bash scripts
Experience with automatization - Ansible
Experience with routers / firewall - pfsense or similar
Experience with a Cisco based switches
Experience with Mikrotik devices
Experience with Debian/Ubuntu linux
Benefits:
Daily breakfast in the office
Option of working from home/hybrid work (in case the position allows it)
Flexible work schedule (in case the position allows it)
Sick days
Parking for everyone, bike storage with showers and changing rooms on site at our HQ
Rooftop terrace with nice view of Bratislava
Dog friendly office
Multisport Card
Referral program
Additional benefits you can choose from after 1st year:
Multisport Card (with company contribution)
Contribution to a recreation stay
Year-round healthcare access at ProCare
Supplementary pension contribution (III pilier)
Brain boost - budget for professional development
Annual public transportation pass
E-Shop voucher to buy anything you might need
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
The journey of our company started in 2013 when 4 friends came up with the idea to provide eyes for robots worldwide so that they could see and understand it. This idea led to a series of patents and awards. Shortly thereafter, the four-man company grew fast, becoming a technological sanctuary for machine vision, smart automation enthusiasts & innovators.
In 2021 Photoneo launched its new Business Unit BRIGHTPICK, the first fully automated fulfillment solution for warehouses and grocers and added to its broad competences and industries served. In early 2025 the sensor/3D vision part of the company (‘’Photoneo’’) was acquired by Zebra Technologies, marking a significant and celebrated tech acquisition in Slovak history.
We, the remaining part of the company, were rebranded as Brightpick, with hubs in the USA and EU (with main HQ in Slovakia), dedicated to providing global automation solutions for e-commerce and grocery fulfillment.
Being a part of Brightpick means being a part of a team that continuously pushes the boundaries further and creates space for solutions of the future. Join us and experience the journey with us!
Address
Brightpick s. r. o.
Plynárenská 6
84105 Bratislava
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Lucia Matlovičová
E-mail:
send CV
<<< Back to the list of jobs
You can react to this job
without sending your CV
. It is sufficient to fill in a form.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5227821
Dátum zverejnenia:
2.2.2026
2026-02-02
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Administrator
,
Systems Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Brightpick s. r. o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month