Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Cloud Architect
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
Salary
Final salary is
negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 200 € /brutto.
Additional information
* Please be informed that our
remote working possibility is only available within Slovakia
due to European taxation regulation.
We run Open Telekom Cloud! Open Telekom Cloud is a public cloud standard product based on open source community software and driven by principles of DevSecOps. Lean structures, agile methods, highly motivated teams and an extremely dynamic business environment determine our actions. With this customer-oriented and agile orientation, we are the anchor point for the Public Cloud business in Deutsche Telekom Group
What will you do?
As an Architect you understand the latest developments in cloud and container technology. Customer-oriented you develop and extent the platform of our Open Telekom Cloud platform.
WHAT WILL YOU DO?
Improve the platform architecture while taking IT security seriously.
Design and develop innovative platform and software-as-a-service features.
Be a trusted advisor for OpenStack-based public cloud technology.
Hands-on work on a console to back your architectural work.
Consistently automate with common automation frameworks.
Working in a team of specialists where everyone helps each other in an open and trusting manner.
You will succeed if you:
YOU WILL SUCCEED IF YOU:
Completed studies in a technical, engineering or scientific subject or comparable professional training.
5-7 years of professional experience in IT with a focus on modern cloud technologies.(Kubernetes, Docker and Containers, OpenStack, Security & Privacy, OTC Services, Ansible)
Very good knowledge of software-, cloud enterprise and container-architectures.
Experience in infrastructure automation.
In-depth knowledge of Linux, system tools and network related services.
Strong customer orientation.
Knowledge of agile development processes.
Mentoring and presentation skills.
Ability to assess technical solutions and to come up with creative approaches.
OpenStack and programming experience in OpenSource projects are a plus.
Fluency in written and spoken English.
You will be working in the European Union to meet our clients' data security and privacy requirements.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
Salary
Final salary is
negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 200 € /brutto.
Additional information
* Please be informed that our
remote working possibility is only available within Slovakia
due to European taxation regulation.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lucia Gbúrová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5228165
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.2.2026
2026-02-03
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Architect
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month