About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Software Test Engineer
Apply Now
Date posted:
3.2.2026
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 2 650 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is € 2650 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Software Test Engineer
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our new Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
In this role at our state-of-the-art center, you will have the opportunity to grow your skills and create solutions that will benefit patients around the world. Become the heart of our internal innovation engine.
At Takeda we unite in diversity
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive workplace, where individuals are recognized for the diverse backgrounds and abilities they bring to our company. We are continually improving workplace experience and accessibility for everyone, and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our Team.
The Opportunity
As a Software Test Engineer, you'll use your technical and teamwork skills, knowledge of testing and test automation, tools and methods to help deploy and improve Data Models and Products. You will align and integrate well with testers, developers, engineers, analysts, scrum masters, delivery managers and other stakeholders.
Responsibilities
•	Review user stories and evaluate their acceptance criteria.
•	Work closely with others to recognize the potential for any operational issues, assess risks, and help to resolve issues before the new software is complete.
•	Cooperate with other teams to understand full end-to-end use-cases to meet cross-functional requirements.
•	Define, inform, and educate the team on best practices for automated testing methodologies, development workflow improvements, continuous integration/deployment, and release management.
•	Create test approaches, test plans, test scenarios, test cases and automated test scripts for new or changed software.
•	Implement software tests, using either manual or automated approaches.
•	Run diverse sets of tests on new or changed software products to ensure they satisfy all specifications and requirements and evaluate results.
•	Write detailed, high quality defect reports for any issues encountered during testing activities.
•	Provide understandable test reports.
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high-end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to bit.ly/icc-bts-benefits
- Cafeteria
- Medical - High standard medical care
- Bridge days
- Summer Hours
- Multisport Card
Your application and any and all conversations that occur with the recruiter, HR, and the hiring manager as part of that application will be treated in the strictest confidence.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
•	Bachelor’s degree in relevant field, or other relevant work experience.
•	4+ years of relevant professional experience in data testing with a focus on test automation.
•	Solid experience with Python, relational databases, and SQL.
•	Experience with Databricks and PySpark is an advantage.
•	Basic experience with version control systems like Git (pull requests, branching, code review).
•	Ability to clearly document test results and raise defects.
•	Good in analyzing problems and developing solutions.
•	Interest in the newest testing and test automation trends and best practices.
•	Proficient in both oral and written communication in English.
•	Team player with innovative thinking.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5228491
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.2.2026
2026-02-03
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 650 EUR/month