About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Records Management Operations Intern (Student role)
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
part-time, agreement-based (Temporary jobs), internship, work experience
Wage (gross)
From 10 EUR/hour
The minimum gross base salary for this role is 10 EUR/ per hour. Our final offer to you will be set up fairly, considering the skills and experience that you bring to the Swiss Re Group.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
This role will primarily focus on supporting our operations in the USA, so you can expect to work closely with colleagues and clients based there. To ensure effective collaboration and timely responses, working during the afternoon hours is advisable, as this aligns better with the time zones of our US-based partners and customers.
About the role & team
We are a global and dynamic team of experts in Records Management. We support and guide our customers in managing the life-cycle of their documents, provide related services and handle operational activities globally. We work in an agile environment and live an open, self-organized team culture.
Now we have an opportunity for you to join our Records Management Operations team and work on a wide range of topics with skilled colleagues. Together with the team you are the go-to expert community for internal customers in reinsurance, insurance, risk, finance, IT, HR, etc. You will counsel internal clients from different business functions and regions on Records Management to ensure Swiss Re is aligned with legal, regulatory and business requirements worldwide.
What will you do in detail?
•	You ensure operating processes such as placing requests in system, updating, reviewing and analysing data, performing quality checks and controls
•	You work with Swiss Re's core systems for handling the life-cycle of records
•	You support the team in customer requests related to Records Management
•	You directly collaborate with our customers on services provided to them
•	You interact with our key partners from the Corporate Real Estate & Services unit for smooth process execution
•	You evaluate alternative options and solutions and bring in ideas for continuous improvement of our processes and services
•	Team up with teams across the globe, sharing knowledge and gaining insights that'll set you up for success.
Information about the selection process
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Nobody is perfect and meets 100% of requirements. If you, however, meet some of the criteria below and are genuinely curious about the world of data science, we will be happy to meet you. In order to be successful in the role, you need to have these skills and knowledge:
•	Are studying in Information Science, Business Administration, Economics, or Archiving
•	Speak and write good English - Upper intermediate (B2)
•	Can use MS Office (i.e. Excel, PowerPoint) and pull basic reports with data analysis
•	Are a dynamic person who demonstrates a "can do" approach
•	Like to work independently, and you know when to ask for help and clarification
•	Are happy to find solutions to problems with focus on service provision and customer happiness
•	Are comfortable working with processes and business applications
•	Are a great teammate, willing to help the whole team grow and to further develop yourself
•	You embrace an agile working culture in a global, multicultural team
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Lucia Vargova
Apply here
ID:
5228410
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.2.2026
2026-02-03
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
Helpdesk Operator
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
10 EUR/hour