Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior Software Developer for Open Telekom Cloud
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
We run Open Telekom Cloud! Open Telekom Cloud is a public cloud standard product based on open source community software and driven by principles of DevSecOps. Lean structures, agile methods, highly motivated teams and an extremely dynamic business environment determine our actions. With this customer-oriented and agile orientation, we are the anchor point for the Public Cloud business in Deutsche Telekom Group.
Purpose
As a Senior Software Developer you understand the latest developments in cloud and container technology. Customer-oriented, you will develop new products and automation solutions for the Open Telekom Cloud.
What will you do?
Develop new applications for our cloud platform’s ecosystem.
Code, test and deploy often.
Collaborate upstream-first with the community.
Consistently automate with common automation frameworks.
Develop tools to make operations more efficient and increase quality of service.
Work in a team of specialists where everyone helps each other in an open and trusting way.
You will succeed if you:
Completed studies in a technical, engineering or scientific subject or comparable professional training.
5+ years of professional experience in IT with a focus on modern cloud technologies.
Extensive practice in software development.
Experience in infrastructure automation.
High level of customer focus.
Knowledge of agile development processes.
OpenStack and programming experience in open source projects is a plus.
Fluency in written and spoken English.
Working in the European Union to meet the data security and privacy requirements of our customers.
IT Technical Skills
Programming Languages
CI/CD concept
Testing
Programming Languages
Linux
Agile
Database
API
Documentation
Kubernetes
Docker and Containers
Ansible
Bash
Linux
OpenStack
Soft skills
Social competence
Stress Tolerance
Communication
Customer Orientation
Self-competence
Self-organisation
Languages
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 3 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Kiššová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5229362
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.2.2026
2026-02-04
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 100 EUR/month