About Us
Benefits
Open positions
Data Analyst (Financial Markets & eServices)
Place of work
Plynárenská, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 346 EUR/month
*By legal requirement we are providing the information about the basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised position. Based on your experience/profile, the final financial conditions will be the subject to discuss and negotiate at the personal interview, however, not less than above mentioned minimum salary component.
About the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As Data Analyst, you will be responsible for gauging and analyzing the quality of FM data, harmonizing the data for use across FM processes. You initiate and implement changes required to ensure continuous flow of data and maintain data consistency.
You have an overview of the product portfolio and know how the systems interact with each other on the data level. For the tasks assigned to you on specific epics (usually related to data), you will perform analysis on the impact on processes, systems and document it.
You will assist (and challenge where needed) the epic owner on epic execution. You will take all possible measures to ensure that the processes you are responsible for work smoothly and any potential roadblocks or risks are addressed or escalated in a timely manner be it in on the content level or on operational level.
Main roles and responsibilities:
You have good overview of system landscape and data flows; help design and maintain data model and controls.
Automate data processing and reconciliation tasks to improve efficiency, accuracy, and reliability.
Analyze and assess database design and architecture by translating business requirements into structural data needs, ensuring efficient data flows and optimized reporting and BI solutions.
You facilitate FM support and front office teams in need of data output, ensure fast turnaround time on data requests; respond to system/database problems in a timely manner.
Drive and implement changes in data models, architecture, and reporting/BI solutions, including the creation, maintenance, and continuous improvement of BI dashboards and underlying data retrieval processes.
We are looking for:
A colleague with a talent for taking it on and making it happen, enthusiasm for helping others to be successful and a knack for always being a step ahead. In other words, you strive to bring fresh ideas to life and embrace challenges in a fast changing and complex environment. You are a naturally collaborative person who listens and invests in others to achieve common goals. You love to challenge the status quo and are eager to propose creative solutions to problems.
Competencies and experience:
2–3 years of experience in a data‑related role, or a university degree in Mathematics, Computer/Data Science, Information Management, Statistics, or a comparable field.
Proficiency in industry‑leading BI and analytics tools such as Microsoft Power BI, Python, and/or Google Cloud Platform.
Experience with the Microsoft Power Platform (Power Automate, Power Apps) is considered an asset.
Strong foundational knowledge of database design and development, data modeling, data mining techniques, and data analytics principles.
Fluency in English, both written and spoken.
Experience working in a project‑based environment, including exposure to project coordination or steering activities.
Knowledge of the financial industry and/or financial markets is a strong plus.
High level of accuracy with strong attention to detail.
Aspiration to learn more about ML/AI and possible use case implementation.
An inspiring, energetic and approachable person, displaying the following behaviours:
Proactive, can-do, on top of your process (no surprises), positive mind-set, team player.
Strong communication and influencing skills.
The ability to facilitate decision-making to drive complex design issues to a conclusion.
Strong ability to understand and consider the underlying issues, opportunities and dynamics of an international organization with multiple functional and hierarchical lines, dealing with multiple (sometimes conflicting) interests.
A strong focus on understanding the business requirements and supportive data to build the target operating model design in line with INGs ambitions.
The ability to display flexibility to teams and adapt the plan, approach and behavior to different needs, cultures and situations.
A strong resilience: the ability to navigate through ambiguity and simplify complexity without losing essence.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
We offer you a bunch of great benefits
Friendly working environment
You build your own working day - flexible working hours and work from home
Daily working time: 7hrs 45min instead of standard 8hrs
Daily refreshments - coffee, fruits, drinks
Fully equipped gym accessible 24 hours / 7 days per week
Game room with unlimited access
Modern designed coffee corner and terrace with the grill spot
WellbeING
Sick leave compensation: up to 80% of the monthly salary
Life insurance contribution: up to 22,14 EUR/per month
3rd pillar contribution: up to 3% from your monthly salary
24/7 external mental health support
Learning opportunities: internal and external learning programs
Regular teambuildings, social events and communities
YOU/family/friends time
Extra 3 PERSONAL days per year
Extra vacation days: up to 10 extra days/per year
We welcome your
ING
-positive friends: referrals starting from 1000 EUR
150€ for childbirth/adoption bonus, wedding day and registered partnership contributions, work anniversary award
Our premises are open 24/7 and you can even bring your friends or family along (up to 2 friends to the gym and game room)
Extra perks
Yearly bonus based on your performance and company’s results
Cafeteria points: 50€/month (600€/year) - Multisport card, Alza, Zalando, Cinema City, etc.
Green benefit – reimbursement for eco-friendly products or services up to 300 €
Home office contribution: 20 EUR/per month
Discounts from our and your favorite stores: up to 30%
Warm welcome package for your fresh start
Pet friendly office
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
ING is a global financial institution of Dutch origin offering banking and asset management to over 60 million private, corporate and institutional clients over 50 countries. With a diverse workforce of over 50,000 people, ING comprises a broad spectrum of prominent companies that increasingly serve their clients under the ING brand.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: ING Hubs Slovakia, HR team
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5229515
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.2.2026
2026-02-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Database Analyst
,
Python Programmer
Spoločnosť:
ING Hubs Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 346 EUR/month