Business Owner (Trip Presentation/ Search & Listing)
Invia.sk, s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
The final salary will be determined individually based on the candidate’s experience and skills.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About Us
At
Invia
, joy starts with us. We help people discover and experience some of the most beautiful moments of their lives. United by our passion for travel and our drive to deliver unforgettable experiences, we’ve grown into one of the largest online travel agencies in Central Europe—while keeping our informal and friendly atmosphere intact.
We are part of the leading Invia CEE x Travelplanet.pl x Wakacje.pl travel group.
Due to the
dynamic growth of our organization
, we are looking for
Business Owners for the Search & Listing and Trip Presentation
areas.
Key responsibilities:
Shaping the development direction of the Search & Listing /Trip Presentation
stage, including search functionality, offer listing, filters and sorting — based on user needs, market trends and behavioral data, mostly on CEE markets Czech, Slovakian and Hungary,
Defining and validating product hypotheses
, setting business goals and KPIs that translate into real value for users and the company,
Ongoing
monitoring and reporting of key KPIs
, including interpreting deviations (both increases and decreases) in the context of market changes, seasonality, user behavior and ongoing platform development,
Analyzing quantitative data and qualitative research
(e.g., A/B tests, analytics, user interviews), identifying conversion barriers and initiating improvements that increase online channel performance,
Cross‑functional collaboration with UX/UI
, development, analytics teams and other Product Owners to deliver consistent and scalable solutions across the entire Customer Journey,
Managing product priorities and the roadmap
to maximize impact within available resources and technical constraints,
Early
identification of risks and project dependencies
and taking proactive corrective actions to ensure value delivery within planned timelines.
Requirements:
At least
3 years of experience
managing digital products end‑to‑end, ideally in eCommerce or related industries,
Strategic product thinking and the ability to identify dependencies
between business goals and user experience,
Strong data literacy from interpreting quantitative insights
to drawing conclusions from qualitative research and translating them into product strategy,
Knowledge of practices and tools for conversion optimization
, such as CRO, content personalization, UX writing, performance SEO, etc.,
Excellent communication and facilitation skills
that enable effective collaboration with distributed/interdisciplinary teams and support them in delivering a shared product vision,
Results orientation
and experience working in an agile environment with a focus on iteration, rapid experimentation and data‑driven learning,
Very good command of both Czech and English, enabling effortless communication.
Nice to have:
Experience working with travel products, eCommerce platforms or marketplaces,
Practical knowledge of analytical and reporting tools such as Google Analytics 4, Power BI, as well as the ability to design, analyze and interpret A/B test results,
Proficiency with project management and documentation tools: Jira (planning, backlog management, prioritization) and Confluence (creating specifications and project documentation),
Basic understanding of SEO and how frontend implementations impact offer visibility.
What do we offer:
Workplace safety and comfort:
Employment based on an employment contract or B2B,
Flexible hours & hybrid setup (Bratislava/Prague/Brno office + home office) or remote
Full onboarding support with the guidance of an engaged and supportive Leader.
Real influence on business decisions, with the opportunity to take initiative and bring your ideas to life.
Development within the organization:
An Individual Development Plan,
Participation in training sessions and conferences that enhance your professional skills.
All inclusive for employees:
Competitive salary
Full-time employment with stability and growth opportunities
Flexible hours & hybrid setup (Prague/Brno office + home office) or remote
25 days of vacation (28 after 1.5 years)
Wide benefits package: cafeteria system, pension contributions, MultiSport card, travel discounts, education support, language courses, discounted mobile plans, and more
Travel perks for you, your family & friends
Plenty of learning & development opportunities (courses, workshops, events)
Real career progression in an international company
Regular teambuilding and a friendly, informal vibe
Ready to join the team with a #travelmindset? We’re waiting for you!
Employee perks, benefits
Educational courses, training
Meal tickets / catering allowance
Occasional work from home
Education allowance
Contribution to sport / culture / leisure
Cafeteria
Cell phone
More than 5 weeks of vacation
Individual schedules of working hours
Corporate events
Flexible start/end of working hours
Notebook
Contributions to the pension / life insurance
Discount on company products / services
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
or
Czech - Advanced (C1)
or
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
We are a company that has been fulfilling the travel dreams of Slovaks for 25 years. Invia.sk is part of the largest e-commerce platform within a network of travel agencies offering a wide selection of trips. Since 2025, we’ve been part of the largest Polish media and e-commerce holding – Wirtualna Polska Holding. We are constantly evolving to best meet the needs of our customers. Our main goal is to introduce modern tools for content creation and management, while building strong user engagement on our platforms.
Contact
Contact person: Katarína Kubusová
Tel.:
+421911441151
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5229917
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.2.2026
2026-02-05
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Architect
,
IT Product Manager
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Invia.sk, s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month