Senior Full Stack QA Engineer
Ciklum
Place of work
Bratislava city police, Obchodná, Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 700 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Ciklum
is looking for a
Senior Full Stack QA Engineer
to join our team full-time in Slovakia.
We are a custom product engineering company that supports both multinational organizations and scaling startups to solve their most complex business challenges. With a global team of over 4,000 highly skilled developers, consultants, analysts and product owners, we engineer technology that redefines industries and shapes the way people live.
About the role:
As a Senior Full Stack QA Engineer, become a part of a cross-functional development team engineering experiences of tomorrow.
Responsibilities:
Collaborate with development and product teams to establish test approaches.
Design and implement test plans and cases.
Develop and execute manual and automated tests such as API, UI, Regression, functional and non-functional tests.
Integrate automated scripts/tests into the CI/CD pipeline to ensure reliable and high-quality software releases
Test case adjustments for automated testing needs
Prepare, set up and maintain test data and test environment preparations
Analyze test results and report about stability of the product under test
Identifying defects and collaborating with the team to resolve them
Plan and lead User Acceptance Testing (UAT) with internal and external users
Contribute to team initiatives to improve the overall QA process, such as identifying gaps or inefficiencies in automation workflows and manual testing processes and suggesting improvements
Manage, analyze, and mitigate testing risks
Onboarding of new team members on the project
Suggests improvements to testing and release workflow
Requirements:
5+ years of software development or QA automation experience using Behaviour Driven Development (BDD)
Experience maintaining and executing both manual and automated test harnesses
Experience testing REST APIs
Experience with Playwright, Jest or other best in class testing frameworks
Experience with TypeScript, JavaScript, Cucumber, HTTP request/Assert libraries
Experience with CLI tools such as GIT
Excellent verbal and written communication in English
Ability to communicate clearly and in a timely manner with technical and non-technical stakeholders
Excellent attention to detail
Capable of guiding junior team members in creating effective test documentation and best practices, enhancing the overall quality of the testing process
What`s in it for you?
Strong community: Work alongside top professionals in a friendly, open-door culture that values initiative and empowers its people to succeed
Fast-paced & agile environment: Be part of a dynamic, fast-moving organization that champions efficiency and innovation
Global exposure: Collaborate with international, cross-functional teams and contribute to large-scale initiatives
Tailored learning: Boost your skills with internal events (meetups, conferences, workshops), Udemy access, language courses, and company-paid certifications
Flexibility: Balance office and remote work to fit your rhythm
Care: Take advantage of our extensive benefits offering, aligned with the best market standards
The salary starts from 2700 Euro gross. The final salary depends on the previous experience and professional knowledge of the candidate.
About us:
At Ciklum, we are always exploring innovations, empowering each other to achieve more, and engineering solutions that matter. With us, you’ll work with cutting-edge technologies, contribute to impactful projects, and be part of a One Team culture that values collaboration and progress.
Our Slovakia hub brings together passionate professionals working on global initiatives. Be part of a close-knit team that’s driving digital transformation and creating lasting impact.
Want to learn more about us? Follow us on Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, stop by one of our IT meetups Nalejvárna.
Explore, empower, engineer with Ciklum!
Interested already? We would love to get to know you! Submit your application. We can’t wait to see you at Ciklum.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Ciklum is a global Experience Engineering firm that stands at the forefront of innovation, blending next-generation product engineering, exceptional customer experiences, and cutting-edge AI.
For over 20 years, Ciklum has been a trusted partner to global enterprises and digital disruptors, spearheading the creation of digital solutions that tackle complex corporate challenges while propelling businesses toward accelerated growth and success.
Its global team of over 4,000 highly skilled engineers, experienced design specialists and consultants joins forces to engineer technology that paves the way for the future of your business.
If you are looking for an interesting job opportunity and developing technologies that reimagine, reshape, and redefine the future, take a look at the vacancies at Ciklum here:
https://jobs.ciklum.com/offices/slovakia/
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Yaroslav Klivak
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5229942
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.2.2026
2026-02-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Ciklum
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month