Student Test Developer
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Place of work
: Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Wage (gross)
:
7,5 EUR/hour
Contract type
: part-time
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Curious how high-quality software is really built? As a Student Test Developer, you’ll work at the heart of our development process, helping ensure that complex systems run reliably and efficiently. This is your chance to gain hands-on experience with real-world testing infrastructure while learning from experienced engineers in an international environment.
Main tasks:
Write unit, integration, and automated system tests for developed components and ensure adequate test coverage
Develop and maintain the testing infrastructure within the project
Apply Kistler’s professional test development methodologies and comply with project procedures.
Employee perks, benefits
The way we work
Hybrid working model (based on the agreement with your team lead). We trust that you know how to organize your time to stay productive
Regular performance review and career growth possibilities
Health & Well-being
Electric stand-up desk and ergonomic chair
Recognition
Attractive referral bonus
Career & Development
Library, Online Educational Portals: Pluralsight, Safari books, LeanPub, Egghead
Technology “sharing” groups, Coding Days
Social life
Team-buildings, Company breakfast, Christmas Party, Grill Party, Family/Kid’s day, Pizza Fridays etc.
Football table and board games in the office
Extra benefits
Lunch tickets in amount of 8 EUR
Great coffee, tea, fresh fruit
Information about the selection process
Information about the selection process Do you like it so far? Let us know, send us your CV. After receiving and reviewing your CV we will contact you for short telephone pre-screen. Following this, if successful, we will set up meeting with your future team leader and one of our technical specialist for more detailed discussion about your experience and motivation and to answer your questions about company and project itself. The final stage of the hiring process is meeting with head of Kistler Bratislava to get to know you better and align on the personal and position expectations. Our HR colleagues will be informing and guiding you through every step of this process. Good luck. We are looking forward to meeting you.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
6.3.2026
(there are still 27 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Must have:
Experience with SW testing (Python)
Motivation to learn and work within a complex development and test environment
Ability and willingness to learn
Affinity to work in an international environment
Nice to have:
Structured, analytical, and systematic working style
Experience or interest in automated UI testing frameworks (e.g., PyTest, Selenium…)
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React
Experience with development under Linux & Windows environment
Experience with CI/CD (automated pipelines, Docker, etc.)
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Einsteinova 33
851 01 Bratislava, Slovakia
+421 948 377 105
, Natália Shalanová, HR Generalist
Kistler Holding AG
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5229306
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.2.2026
2026-02-04
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
7,5 EUR/hour