Senior Analyst Enterprise Systems (f/m/d)
Tyco Electronics Czech s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 90 000 Kč/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Job Summary:
TE Connectivity’s GAS Account-to-Report team is part of TEIS (TE Information Solutions) and has global responsibility for TE’s Finance, Tax and Treasury application solutions. We are looking to engage a SAP technical consultant with experience in SAP S/4 programming as well as Basic Financial process business knowledge. Although the consultant should have a thorough technical background and be able to do hands-on ABAP programming, it is important that the person understands Finance processes.
Primary Responsibilities:
ABAP expert with 5 years plus of programming experience
Participate in TE’s different projects in ECC & S/4
Create new reports using CDS views
Experience in E-Invoice Setup
Python programming language is good to know, especially for AI.
XML experience would be preferred
Advantage to have experience with API integration.  (REST, JSON, ODATA, etc.).
Test and document ABAP changes
Support the FI/CO analysts on technical questions
Debug programs
Qualifications:
University degree in Computer Science, Information systems, Business Administration
S/4 ABAP experience – Object Oriented Programming
CDS views experience
Ability to test programs and document test results
Good basic understanding of Financial business processes
Ability to interact with various levels of staff
Strong analytical skills to investigate issues and provide resolution
Ability to adapt to changing user requirements and business environments
What we offer:
A wide range of employee benefits
A hybrid work model that supports both flexibility and collaboration
A modern office located in the heart of Brno
The opportunity to gain international experience
A smaller, friendly local team in Brno that values close cooperation and open communication
Employee perks, benefits
Company catering
Work mostly from home
Holidays 5 weeks
Flexible start/end of working hours
Notebook
Refreshments on workplace
Self-organization of the job
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Advertiser
Contact
Contact person: Michaela Bednářová
Tel.:
725692506
E-mail:
send CV
You can react to this job
without sending your CV
. It is sufficient to fill in a form.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5229354
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.2.2026
2026-02-04
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
ABAP Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Tyco Electronics Czech s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
90 000 Kč/month