Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Cloud Architect - Infrastructure/Network Automation
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 200 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 200 EUR/month.
Senior technical expert responsible for design and implementation of an assigned technology.
We are looking for an experienced Infrastructure Architect with expertise in Data Center, Network, and VMware technologies to design, implement, and optimize robust infrastructure solutions. This role involves working closely with stakeholders, ensuring scalability, security, and efficiency of IT infrastructure while aligning with organizational objectives.​
What will you do?
Design and implement scalable and secure Data Center solutions, including compute, storage, and networking components.​
Architect and optimize virtualized environments using VMware products (vSphere, vCenter, NSX, vSAN, etc.).​
Develop comprehensive network designs, ensuring high availability, performance, and compliance.​
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure infrastructure aligns with application requirements and business goals.​
Provide technical leadership during incidents, troubleshooting complex infrastructure issues and driving resolution.​
Establish best practices and standards for infrastructure design, deployment, and management.​
Assess and incorporate emerging technologies to enhance infrastructure capabilities and performance.​
Document infrastructure architecture, configurations, and operating procedures for future reference and audits.
You will succeed if you:
have a deep hands-on expertise in Ansible Automation Platform, Infrastructure-as-Code, and multi-vendor network automation.
have strong technical foundation understanding cloud platforms deeply
can design scalable, secure, cost-efficient architectures
understand networking, security, IAM, automation, and DevOps practices
is able to translate business needs into architecture
is able to manage ambiguity and change
have strong collaboration and influence skills
have experience of 5-7 years in infrastructure/network engineering
experienced 4+ years of advanced automation delivery
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
2 200 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 200 EUR/month.
Contact
Contact person: Anna Heveryová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5229313
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.2.2026
2026-02-04
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Architect
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month