Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Software Developer - Credit & Collection
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 000 - 2 650 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
We are looking for a Software Developer to support our team (Parrot). The team takes care of the RMC (Risk Management Center) app for our internal customer Magyar Telekom.
What will you do?
Develop backend applications or microservices according to user stories definition
Develop and run automated tests on various application levels
Maintain application, support bug fixing
Prepare GitLab CI/CD pipelines with DevOps engineers’ cooperation
Prepare and perform initial data loads and migrations, interface and query setup
Write and update technical system documentation and business logic documentation (e.g. UML)
Contribute to knowledge base of developers
Make proposals for optimization of processes
Participate in RCAs
You will succeed if you:
application development 3+ years
programming in Java, Spring Boot
test automation, unit testing
SQL and NoSQL databases (Oracle, PostgreSQL, MongoDB)
English: Upper intermediate (B2)
communicative, team player, analytical thinking, willingness to learn
Advantage
:
Script language bash, Python, JavaScript, Angular, TypeScript
one of the following hyperscalers: AWS, GCP or Open Telekom Cloud
REST API and message-based communication
K8S
GitLab CICD / DevOps / Jira experience
Apache Camel
SCRUM, SAFe know-how
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
2 000 - 2 650 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Kiššová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5229124
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.2.2026
2026-02-04
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Java Programmer
,
Javascript Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month