Junior Software Developer - student
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
part-time
Salary
6 EUR/hour
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join us in pioneering breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably.
Our inspiring and caring environment forms a global community that celebrates diversity and individuality. We encourage you to step beyond your comfort zone, offering resources and flexibility to foster your professional and personal growth, all while valuing your unique contributions.
Apply now for the position of
Junior software developer - student
and you will assist in the development, testing, and maintenance of software solutions for x-ray healthcare domain. You will be part of a team that includes fellow students as well as senior developers, testers and architects.
Your role:
Code implementation and bug fixing based on project specifications and guidelines from senior team members.
Collaborating with team developers, designers, and testers to contribute to project discussions, code reviews, and team activities.
Learning and professional development, continuously learn new programming skills and stay updated with industry trends to enhance their technical expertise.
Your expertise:
Solid foundation in at least one programming language, such as JavaScript or C#.
A personal portfolio of software projects demonstrating hands-on experience beyond mandatory academic assignments.
Practical experience using Generative AI development tools, such as GitHub Copilot, in day-to-day coding.
Strong problem-solving skills, with the ability to systematically diagnose issues in code and propose logical, maintainable solutions.
Understanding of the full web application technology stack, including backend services and data persistence; ideally with experience in Angular, .NET, and SQLite.
Basic salary component (gross) and other remuneration:
The offered remuneration is from 6 € gross / hour, depending on experience.
After incorporation possibility to increase.
Who we are:
We are a team of more than 71,000 highly dedicated Healthineers in more than 70 countries. As a leader in medical technology, we constantly push the boundaries to create better outcomes and experiences for patients, no matter where they live or what health issues they are facing. Our portfolio is crucial for clinical decision-making and treatment pathways.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
Secondary school student
University student
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Long-term part-time job during studies with the opportunity to gain experience in an international company
Possibility to work 20 hours with flexible working hours
The possibility of self-realization in an international corporation
Meal vouchers
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5229215
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.2.2026
2026-02-04
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
6 EUR/hour