Slovak-Hungarian speaking Service Desk Agent
Foundever Magyarország Kft.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
2026.03.
Wage (gross)
495 000 Ft/month
Cafeteria, Bonus based on individual performance, Language bonus
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for an enthusiastic SLOVAK-HUNGARIAN Speaking Service Desk Agent to join our  Service Desk team in Budapest and as a part of a team provide professional back and front office service function for our client’s project - in line with the contractual agreements.
Your responsibilities will be the following:
As a Service Desk Agent – you will be the first contact of the customers – and you will have to handle incoming phone calls, emails & end-user requests of the products
As a Service Desk Agent you give accurate information to customers, who turn to you for technical or general help about the product understand and investigates root causes of customer inquiries
Keep the user informed and follow-up ongoing case
Involve your customers – realise and understand their needs, provide positive experience for them
Be proactive - identify deeper drivers of customer needs
Don’t be afraid of some administration - record all the cases to the client’s tool, follow up your answered calls and emails​
​
Our desired candidate:
Fluent in Slovak and Hungarian languages and have conversational English language knowledge
Love helping customers, communicate clearly and have excellent problem solving skills
Have a strong customer service focus
If you have some experience in customer service that’s an advantage, but we will provide you with a professional training
Pay close attention to the details.
Enjoy learning new things and develop – adopt changes easily and be flexible
Confident user of MS Office package
Employee perks, benefits
If you join us we offer:
Stable company background
: we are the part of the Hungarian market since 1999. We are part of one of the market leaders companies in the CX sector.
Health and Well-being
: Company doctor contract with a private health consultant, and we offer support for glasses. Discount at the company doctor for your private consultation. In the part of our global well-being program, we use United Heroes application, which offers you challenges and articles on healthy lifestyle. Free dental check twice per year at our contracted private dentist for you and your close family.
Engaging programs
: Monthly Fun Days (treasure hunt, massage, etc.) themed days in the office, online games, challenges. Darts and table soccer in the office, coffee (coffee machine and coffee maker) and tea and soft drinks are available, free of charge. Referral program, charity events.
Career program
: Internal career opportunities, talent program for those who want to improve their skills. Paid professional training lead by our professional trainers.
Compensation and benefits
: Cafeteria (SZÉP card), team specific bonuses, jubilee bonus, free bank account at one of the market leader bank group, discount in DIY store and in a Hotel chain for the reservations.
Extra holidays by Foundever
: we provide extra holidays for some cases, full-paid father’s leave
Multilingual environment
: native colleagues from more than 25 nationalities, become a member of a friendly team, a company culture where we respect our diverse and unified teams, where we are proud of our achievements.
Relocation package
: if you’re moving to Hungary, we are helping you with the relocation (travel) and work-related documents (health insurance, tax)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
Hungarian - Proficiency (C2)
and
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
Slovak - Proficiency (C2)
The position is suitable for a fresh graduate
Yes
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Foundever™ is a global leader in the customer experience (CX) industry.
With 170,000 associates across the globe, we’re the team behind the best experiences for +750 of the world’s leading and digital-first brands.
Our innovative CX solutions, technology and expertise are designed to support the operational needs for our clients and deliver a seamless experience to customers in the moments that matter.
Sykes and Sitel are now Foundever.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5229111
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.2.2026
2026-02-04
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Call Operator
,
Customer Support Specialist
,
Helpdesk Operator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Foundever Magyarország Kft.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
495 000 Ft/month