Summer Development Academy KOŠICE - full time internship for students during summer
Place of work
Košice
Contract type
part-time
Salary
6 EUR/hour
Job description, responsibilities and duties
IT+ is IT with a mission
At Siemens Healthineers, we don’t work on ordinary technical projects — we develop software that truly helps. The results of our work are used by doctors and medical specialists all over the world, enabling them to diagnose and treat people better and faster. Our everyday mission is to deliver innovative solutions that help save lives. If you want your work to have a higher purpose and a real impact on people’s quality of life worldwide, take a look at some of our IT+ projects and apply for the academy.
More details can be found at the link below:
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk/development-center/summer-dev-academy/ke
What we expect from you:
completion of the second year of university studies
knowledge of JavaScript is an advantage
advanced knowledge of English
basic communication skills
availability during the summer
willingness to learn and grow
passion for overcoming challenges and new technologies
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
Secondary school student
University student
We offer
What you can gain during the academy:
ServiceNow trainings
JavaScript and ITIL trainings
hands-on experience with development in ServiceNow
experience with DevOps using the SCRUM methodology
improvement of communication skills
improvement of technical skills
experience with code quality assurance
an offer of further cooperation during your studies or after graduation
What you can gain additionally if you continue with us after completing the academy:
internationally recognized ServiceNow certifications
a career as a certified ServiceNow Implementation Specialist or ServiceNow Solution Architect
work in an international team
Basic salary component (gross) and other remuneration:
The offered remuneration is from 6 € gross / hour. Depending on experience + after incorporation possibility to increase
So what are you waiting for? Secure the best summer program with Siemens Healthineers Summer Development Academy.
The internship takes place from
1.6.2026 to 31.7.2026
in
Košice.
Please send your application in English.
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5229779
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.2.2026
2026-02-05
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
6 EUR/hour