Software Engineer in Test (f/m/d)
DINAPE
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
02.03.2026
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
Of course, you will receive a competitive compensation package, which we would be happy to discuss with you personally. We are willing to offer more than this starting salary, depending on your experience and qualifications.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Why You Will Love This Role
Impact:
Shape our next generation payment platform used across Europe!
Flexibility:
Work in a hybrid mode – from home, our centrally located Bratislava office (2 days/week) and our office near Vienna especially in the onboarding phase (2 days/month)!
Team Spirit:
Collaborate with an international, open-minded team!
Tech You Enjoy:
Java, Spring Boot, microservices, Docker, Kubernetes – and room to innovate!
What You Will Master
Test Automation:
Design and implement automated tests for a high-performance FinTech SaaS platform
Ownership:
Take charge of the entire test pyramid including unit tests, consumer-driven contract tests, integration tests and end-to-end tests
Teamwork:
Collaborate with internal stakeholders, conduct code review, and offer guidance to teammates
What Makes You the Right Fit
Experience:
3+ years in Java backend development with a focus on testing
Skills:
Strong with Spring Boot, REST APIs, SQL, Docker/Kubernetes and fluent in English (C1)
Attitude:
Proactive, team-oriented mindset and passion for clean code
Location:
You are already living in Bratislava or the surrounding region and can be on-site regularly (2 days/week). This role is intended for locally based candidates - relocation is not part of this position.
Employee perks, benefits
What We Offer
Competitive remuneration:
Starting from € 3.000,- gross per month depending on your experiences and skills
Career Growth:
Shape the team in our new office location with a direct influence on the product roadmap
Learning Culture:
Opportunities to attend conferences, workshops and certifications
Modern Perks:
Such as a rooftop terrace, bike parking, showers and team events.
Ready to make an impact?
Apply now and join a team that values innovation and your ideas!
Apply here: https://www.dinape.com/en/software-engineer-in-test/
DINAPE Slovakia s.r.o.
Kerstin Günes
Head, Human Resources
Suché mýto 7045/1
SK-811 03 Bratislava, Slovakia
In: www.dinape.com
Please note we will not accept any candidate profiles sent unrequested and unsolicited by recruiting agencies. We collaborate with preferred providers based on framework agreements and will not pay any fees to recruiting agencies without an agreement. Should we receive a candidate profile from a recruiting agency with which there is no framework agreement, and should the respective candidate be considered or hired, this will not entitle the recruiting agency to claim payment or fees.
DINAPE takes data protection very seriously and as such, We will process the information (including personal data) that You provide Us with utmost care and confidentiality in accordance with our Personal Data Policy (https://www.dinape.com/en/personal-data-policy/) as well as applicable laws. This Policy provides You with the information about essential aspects of data processing at DINAPE.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
Java - Skillful
Spring Boot - Skillful
JPA - Skillful
Hibernate - Skillful
SQL - Skillful
GIT - Skillful
Testing - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
Backend development, ideally in FinTech, payment or banking sector
Number of years of experience
3
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
We are a dynamic, innovative company that develops and operates a modern, cloud-based payment platform entirely based on our own technology. Our solution enables payment service providers, FinTechs, and enterprise companies to implement complex business requirements in the field of payment technology faster, more efficiently, and in a future-proof manner.
With over 20 years of experience in technology development, we cultivate a culture of openness, curiosity, and flexibility – driven by trust in people and forward-looking solutions.
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Nina Perer, M.A.
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5229764
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.2.2026
2026-02-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
IT Tester
,
Java Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
DINAPE
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month