Java Developer
Multitude IT Labs (as part of Multitude Group)
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
2 600 EUR/month
The stated salary represents the minimum level; the final amount will be adjusted based on the candidate’s individual skills and experience.

Cooperation is possible in the form of a permanent employment contract  (TPP) or a limited liability company (s.r.o.), but not as a self‑employed person (živnosť).
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for talented software engineers to join our experienced international team. If you are looking for challenging projects, new technologies, willing to build something new, then this is a great opportunity for you.
Our structure is very lean and culture open to creative ideas. We are flexible in adjusting our work style, processes and tools striving to create the most productive environment. We like to say that we are Fintech as stable as large company yet as dynamic as start-up. We offer freedom, latest technologies, agility and expect responsibility, excellence and productivity.
​
Responsibilities:
Together with experienced team of Solution Architects and Tech Leads develop financial productson latest technologies,
Create high performance production solutions through code reviews via pull requests, high test coverage, static code analysis using SonarQube, performance monitoring and analysis using Kibana and Elastic APM,
Go extra mile, stay up to date with the latest trends in technologies, sharing knowledge with your team and not being afraid in suggesting technical improvements.
Employee perks, benefits
We offer:
At Multitude, we believe in empowering our employees to thrive personally and professionally. Here's what you can look forward to:
A Truly Global Workplace – work with professionals from 40+ nationalities, bringing diverse expertise, perspectives, and a collaborative international culture,
Hybrid & Flexible Work – we support work-life balance with remote work options and modern office spaces across Europe,
A Culture of Growth – we invest in your future, offering LinkedIn Learning, mentorship, and professional development programs, including HiPo and leadership development initiatives to support career advancement,
Financial Growth Opportunities – benefit from our share purchase matching program, allowing you to invest in your future with matched contributions and long-term financial rewards,
Workation Program – work remotely from different countries for up to 2 months per year, experiencing new cultures while staying connected and productive,
Extra Time to Recharge – enjoy 4 paid sick days per year to rest and recover when you need it,
Stay Active – access to the MultiSport card to support your fitness and wellness goals,
Company-provided laptop – for both professional and personal use, available for you to keep after 5 years,
Up Benefia – choose the perks that suit you best with our flexible benefits system, giving you a set budget to spend on categories like fashion, wellness, dining, education, entertainment, and more...
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Expected skills and experience:
Previous 2,5-5 years of experience in development production systems using Java (current developments in Java 21) and Spring ecosystem (Boot, REST, JPA, Data, Integration, Cloud, Security),
Efficient coding, aware of patterns and anti-patterns, properly structured, testable, maintainable, easily comprehensible and well documented clean code,
Knowledge of integrations, REST APIs, refactoring, secure coding, application performance monitoring and troubleshooting,
Hands‑on experience designing and implementing asynchronous communication using message queues (e.g., JMS, RabbitMQ, ActiveMQ, or Kafka),
Analytical and problem-solving skills needed to break down complex issues and visualize solutions,
Being great teamplayer as well as working independently with solid English reading and writing skills.
We will appreciate if you have:
Familiarity with Microservice architecture, event sourcing, distributed systems and asynchronous communication, authentication,
Basic knowledge of Kafka, Docker, Kubernetes, Camunda BPM, Kotlin, Liquibase, Kibana, Elastic APM, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB,ElasticSearch, Prometheus, Grafana,
Hands on experience with development tools: IntellijIdea,Gitflow, SonarQube, Maven, Swagger, JIRA, GitHub.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
At Multitude, we’re more than just a listed European FinTech company—we’re a team driving financial innovation. We provide digital lending and online banking services that empower consumers, SMEs, and FinTechs to grow and succeed.
Powered by our Growth Platform, we operate through three business units: Ferratum, offering seamless mobile banking for consumers; CapitalBox, providing flexible financing for SMEs; and Multitude Bank, supporting non-bank lenders and FinTechs.
In 2024, we achieved €263.7 million in revenue and €20.2 million in net profit, reflecting strong financial growth. With 700+ employees across 25 countries, we’re shaping the future of finance in 17 markets. Founded in 2005 in Finland, Multitude is listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (MULT).
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ladislav Kilian
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5230817
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.2.2026
2026-02-06
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Java Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Multitude IT Labs (as part of Multitude Group)
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 600 EUR/month