Fullstack developer
Greentube Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Laurinská 18, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
By agreement
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
The salary will depend on the candidate’s experience and will be discussed during the recruitment process.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join Our Team as a Full Stack Developer!
Are you ready to take your career to the next level? We're expanding our development capabilities for the cutting-edge
NOVA
platform and we're looking for talented individuals to join our subsidiary in Bratislava.
NOVA
blends cutting-edge technology with user-centric design to provide an unmatchedbetting atmosphere. With our Innovative Betting Platform, we offer a seamless, secure,and dynamic range of multi-platform casino, apps and sports book content to internal andexternal casino sites in a fast, flexible and compliant manner in order to increase user’sengagement and customer life time value.
About the Role:
You'll be part of a dynamic team that provides various back-office tools for the
NOVA
platform. Our team operates in a virtual agile environment across two locations: Bratislava and Vienna. We're on the lookout for enthusiastic and engaged individuals with a strong theoretical background, excellent coding practices, and an open mindset for applying new paradigms. If you have the right attitude and a passion for building state-of-the-art solutions, we want you.
What You'll Do:
Actively participate in solution and software design based on product owners' requirements.
Collaborate with other platform teams, fully integrated into an agile environment, taking responsibility for delivering excellent code and product quality.
Provide suggestions and ideas for technology choices and refactoring of existing applications.
Engage in individual self-studying and bring new patterns, strategies, technologies, and ideas to the table.
Your Profile:
Completed higher technical education or similar.
Minimum of 2 years of solid work experience in software development.
Experience in developing complete .NET applications.
Professional experience with Angular, ASP.NET Core, SQL Databases, and NoSQL Databases.
Excellent communication skills and a passion for software development.
Nice to Have:
Experience with cloud technologies.
Experience with microservices.
Experience with Azure DevOps.
Experience with messaging systems (e.g., RabbitMQ, ActiveMQ, Azure Service Bus, Kafka).
Why Join Us?
Our team in Bratislava focuses on developing and maintaining all back-office tools for the Nova platform. These tools are categorized into Transactional, Configuration, and Security domains. We're also responsible for designing and developing a new generation of platform services, leveraging a microservice architecture combined with domain-driven design to achieve greater feature extensibility, scalability, and improved testability.
Technological Stack:
Angular 20 / PrimeNG 20
.NET8 / ASP.NET Core 8
MongoDB / MS SQL Server 2022
If you're passionate about technology and eager to work in a collaborative and innovative environment, apply now and be part of our exciting journey!
Employee perks, benefits
​• Language courses
​​• Possibility of regular home-office
​​• Flexible working hours
• Team-buildings
​​• Meal vouchers (fully paid by employer)
​​• Fruit, coffee, tea available in the office
​​• Informal and relaxed work environment
​​• Supporting your personal and professional development - the opportunities to attend in various trainings, courses, conferences or meetups
​​• "Refer a friend" benefit - the opportunity to receive a financial bonus when referring a friend for an open vacancy​​
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Greentube Slovakia is Greentube’s mobile branch and the industry’s first choice in providing B2B companies with casino games that run seamlessly on all platforms (desktop and mobile). Strong HTML5 competencies are the hallmark of this company: Greentube Slovakia is among the best of the best when it comes to transforming the famous games of the NOVOMATIC Group into high-quality mobile solutions. Players are eager to take their games with them wherever they might go, from the daily commute to a night out with friends, and Greentube Slovakia continuously delivers!
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Jana Stankovičová
Tel.:
+421904613943
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5230047
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.2.2026
2026-02-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
,
Backend developer
,
Frontend developer
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Greentube Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month