Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Cloud Engineer (REF2214T)
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
We run Open Telekom Cloud! Open Telekom Cloud is a public cloud standard product based on open source community software and driven by principles of DevSecOps. Lean structures, agile methods, highly motivated teams and an extremely dynamic business environment determine our actions. With this customer-oriented and agile orientation, we are the anchor point for the Public Cloud business in Deutsche Telekom Group.
As an Engineer you understand the latest developments in cloud and container technology. You will develop and enhance our Open Telekom Cloud platform in a customer-oriented manner.
What will you do?
Solve complex problems in the daily operation of a hyper-scaler's cloud backend.
Work hardware-oriented at the console and get your hands "dirty".
Develop and operate monitoring and quality assurance.
Consistently automate with common automation frameworks.
Work in a team of specialists where everyone helps each other in an open and trusting manner.
You will succeed if you:
Completed studies in a technical, engineering or scientific subject or comparable professional training.
Have 5-7 years of professional experience in IT with a focus on modern cloud technologies.
Have very good knowledge of software defined networks, routing, firewalls and physical networks.
Have extensive knowledge in infrastructure automation.
Have strong experience in Linux and network related services.
Have high level of customer focus.
Have knowledge of agile development processes.
Are able to assess technical solutions and come up with creative approaches.
Have OpenStack and programming experience in open source projects is a plus.
Are fluent in written and spoken English.
You will be working in the European Union to meet our customers' data security and privacy requirements.
IT Technical Skills
Ansible - Expert
Bash - Expert
Linux - Expert
DataCenter Hardware - Expert
Operation - Expert
Network Equipment - Expert
Office Tools - Expert
OpenStack - Expert
Agile - Expert
Soft skills
Social competence
Stress Tolerance
Communication
Customer Orientation
Self-competence
Self-organisation
Languages
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 500 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lívia Tomečková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5230816
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.2.2026
2026-02-06
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month