IT System Administrator
R + W Slovakia k.s.
Miesto práce
Nižná
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
1 700 EUR/mesiac
Full-time  (from 40 hours/week), starting immediately,  the resulting salary depends on the applicant´s experience
Informácie o pracovnom mieste
Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednosti
Your Responsibilities
Installation and administration      of client and server systems.
Software distribution,      including patch management for both client and server systems.
Administration of the virtual      infrastructure.
Participation in structuring      and expanding the IT systems.
Support and administration of      firewalls.
Management and support of the      network environment (hardware and software).
Planning and involvement in IT      projects as well as the further development of IT processes.
Assisting colleagues and      resolving disruptions/issues.
Zamestnanecké výhody, benefity
- Work in a stable company with a long-term prospect
- Opportunity for professional development and vocational training
- A pleasant working atmosphere with an emphasis on Work-Life-Balance
- 5 additional vacation days after years of work at the company
- Commuting cost allowance
- Annual revaluation of salary adjustment
- €600 starting bonus (€200 after probationary period, €400 after conclusion of a permanent contract)
- €600 bonus for recommending a new employee
- Annual bonus based on business result
Požiadavky na zamestnanca
Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelaním
stredoškolské s maturitou
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Mierne pokročilý (B1)
alebo
Nemecký jazyk - Mierne pokročilý (B1)
Osobnostné predpoklady a zručnosti
Your Qualifications
Completed degree in computer science      or completed vocational training as an IT specialist or comparable      qualification.
Several years of professional      experience in the IT field.
Experience with Windows client      and server systems, Active Directory, VMware / vSphere.
Knowledge in Azure and Office      365.
Knowledge in Microsoft 365      (SharePoint, Azure, Exchange Online).
Good English or German language      skills (written and spoken).
Methodical and structured way      of working.
Teamwork skills, independence,      good communication and cooperation abilities.
Inzerujúca spoločnosť
Stručná charakteristika spoločnosti
zaoberáme sa výrobou kovových spojok
Počet zamestnancov
50-99 zamestnancov
Kontakt
Kontaktná osoba: Zuzana Kozáciková
Tel.:
+421903541976
E-mail:
poslať životopis
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5230718
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.2.2026
2026-02-06
lokalita:
Nižná
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
R + W Slovakia k.s.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 700 EUR/mesiac