Boards, Floors, Careers - Working at Kaindl.
It is not only the professional skills that distinguish our approximately 800 employees. It is our passion for innovative products and wood as a material that unites us at Kaindl. As the global market leader in the field of flooring and interior design, we are always breaking new ground together.
Would you like to be a part of it?
Senior System and Network Technician (m/f/d)
Lungötz / Austria
Your Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Cross-site support of the IT network and IT infrastructure for our sites in Wals/Salzburg and Lungötz/Salzburg
Administration of the client and network landscape
Co-design and further development of the company's IT
Troubleshooting (2nd and 3rd level support) for software and hardware
Application support and further development
Collaboration and management of IT projects
Your Profile:
Well-founded and completed technical education (University, technical High School or Apprenticeship with a focus on IT)
Professional experience in a comparable position is mandatory
Willingness to undergo permanent further training
Good written and spoken English, German is an advantage but not mandatory. Willingness to learn German
Team spirit, service orientation, precise way of working, understanding of complex tasks and good self-organization
Place of Work: Lungötz / Austria
Driver's license B required
Willingness to travel between the the sites in Lungötz and Wals
We offer:
Intensive and comprehensive training
Varied work in a future-proof workplace
Interesting area of responsibility in a successful industrial company
State-of-the-art and state-of-the-art IT landscape
Company parking, meal allowance, health promotion, employee discounts and other attractive benefits
Willingness to learn the German language
Accommodation can be provided for the beginning
Increasing the proportion of women in the company is an important concern for us. For this reason, we also welcome applications from qualified women.
Remuneration according to the collective agreement of employees in the wood industry.
Willingness to overpay depending on qualifications and experience.
If you are interested in this job opportunity please send your application to:
personal@kaindl.com
.
We are looking forward to your application!
www.kaindl.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5230115
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.2.2026
2026-02-06
lokalita:
Austria
Pozícia:
IT Network Administrator
,
IT System Administrator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Service Technician
Spoločnosť:
M. Kaindl GmbH