Voľné pracovné pozície
Profil firmy
Prečo Scheidt
& Bachmann
Kde nás nájdete
Service Operation Coordinator - Specialist
Place of work: Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Salary: From 1 400 EUR/month
Junior from 1 200 EUR; Medior from 1 400 EUR; + variable bonus. Final salary depends on candidate´s professional experience.
Company profile
Scheidt & Bachmann, Mönchengladbach was founded in 1872 and today presents itself as an innovative company with a long tradition. In a total of four largely separate divisions, systems for parking and leisure centres, systems for railway signalling technology, fare collection systems, and systems for petrol stations are developed, produced and distributed. Scheidt & Bachmann Slovakia s.r.o. was established in 1995 at the initiative of Scheidt & Bachmann.  A successful cooperation with the University of Žilina also made a significant contribution to the establishment.
Fare Collection Systems
offers a wide range of products of various technical equipment according to customer requirements. This area covers modern, comprehensive fare collection systems in urban, suburban, and metropolitan transportation with ticket printing and coding machines.
We offer
Perspective work in a stable company with adequate financial assessment and opportunities for personal development (soft skills and technical training, language courses).
Rich social program for employees (several social events and team buildings, sport and culture possibilities).
Flexible working time, additional vacation, "bridgedays".
Work in international and multicultural teams (divisions in 23 countries).
Your responsibilities
Your responsibilities on 1st Level B2B customer support (UK, US and EU customers):
Analysis of incoming request (e-mails, chats, phone calls).
Collection of available symptoms (from customer or remotely from system).
Case handling process - prioritisation and classification of requested issues.
Troubleshooting – remotely or by fingertip to requester.
Proactive monitoring of hosted services and devices (Event Management).
Coordination and dispatching of field technicians in UK, CA and US - English language.
Coordination and support for additional level of service support.
The position requires flexibility for shift work, as it operates 24/7/365.
Option for occasional home office work after initial training in Žilina.
Your profile
Good English language skills (spoken and written form) - all communication is in English.
Experiences with remote troubleshooting for both software and hardware.
Proficiency in a second language, particularly German or Italian, is a significant advantage.
Familiarity with CRM systems, especially Salesforce, is also beneficial.
High working time flexibility (willingness to work on shifts).
Technical type with analytical thinking.
Responsible and independent approach.
Willingness to learn and grow within the team.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5230598
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.2.2026
2026-02-06
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
,
IT Tester
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Service Engineer
,
Service Technician
Spoločnosť:
Scheidt & Bachmann Slovensko s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 400 EUR/month