Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior Product Owner
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
The Senior Product Owner is responsible for the end-to-end ownership of product development and lifecycle management, ensuring that the product vision, roadmap, and delivery are fully aligned with the strategic objectives of Deutsche Telekom AG or its affiliated companies. The role acts as a key bridge between business stakeholders, product management, architecture, and delivery teams. The Senior PO leads complex solution designs, contributes to the Product Vision (in cooperation with the Product Manager) and Architecture Vision (in cooperation with Architects), and ensures that the delivered product creates maximum business value and customer satisfaction. This position drives innovation, quality, and scalability while promoting product excellence and cross-functional collaboration.
What will you do?
Aligning with business goals and long-term strategy.
Define and own the product vision and roadmap, manage entire lifecycle.
Set measurable product objectives and use data-driven insights to guide decisions and priorities.
Ensure alignment across cross-functional teams and with external stakeholders.
Lead Agile delivery processes and act as senior mentor for less experienced Product Owners, Business Analysts or team members.
Collaborate with multiple internal and external stakeholders to clarify requirements, resolve conflicts, and shape product direction.
Represent the product and team in leadership planning meetings, steering committees, and executive briefings.
Work with technical leads to understand implementation challenges and balance customer needs with realistic delivery timelines.
Track delivery progress, identify risks early, and coordinate mitigation plans
Ensure process documentation, reporting, and transparent communication across teams.
Translate high-level customer insights into actionable product improvements.
Promote best practices in Agile methodologies (Scrum, SAFe, Kanban) and product development
You will succeed if you:
Have education in Information technologies - Bachelor
Have education in Economics - Bachelor
Have minimum 4years experience at ICT System Engineering
or Have minimum 4years experience at ICT Business Analyst
or Have minimum 4years experience at ICT Delivery Service management
or Have minimum 4years experience at Project Management
Hold Certification of Product owner
Have IT Technical Skills:
Product ownership - advanced
Technology consulting  - Advanced
Technical understanding - Advanced
SW development Stakeholder Management - Expert
Solution design - Advanced
Data Models - Basic
Cloud understanding - Basic
Security requirements - Advanced
Solution Architecture - Basic
Technical understanding - Advanced
Have Soft skills:
Communication skill - Expert
Stakeholder Management - Advanced
Strategic thinking - Advanced
Decision making - Expert
Problem solving - Advanced
Leadership - Advanced
Project Management - Advanced
Risk management - Advanced
Have Finance Skills:
Financial acumen - Advanced
Have Other skills:
Agile environment - Advanced
Business Know how - Advanced
Market Know how - Advanced
Solution Competence - Advanced
Speak English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Speak German - Intermediate (B1)
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Dana Dráčová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5231079
Dátum zverejnenia:
8.2.2026
2026-02-08
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month