About us
Open positions
Benefits
Contact
Digital Reporting Analyst with Power BI
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary *
From 1 900 EUR/month
Contract type
full-time
* Of course, an overpayment is possible depending on the respective training, qualification and professional experience. The gross salary is based on these aforementioned criteria and is finally determined after the personal interview.
Henkel operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in two exciting business areas: Consumer Brands (Laundry & Home Care and Beauty Care) and Adhesive Technologies. Our success is built on constant innovation and people who strive for excellence. Working at Henkel is much more than just a job. It's a passion. Have you got what it takes?
About the team
At Henkel, you can make a difference and craft your career. That’s why you own your projects and take full responsibility from an early stage. Our unique brands in markets around the world open up countless opportunities to follow your convictions and explore new paths. If you have an entrepreneurial mindset that allows you to always think out of the box - take the chance and shape the digital future together with us.
Your role
Develop and improve data pipelines, and create use‑case–specific data assets in cooperation with data scientists and supply chain teams
Work with backend technologies such as Python, PySpark, and SQL, and deliver meaningful insights through data analysis and reporting
Lead and manage digital transformation projects across all phases (initiation, planning, execution, control, closure)
Collaborate with stakeholders on advanced supply chain analytics and support digital upskilling initiatives
Conduct complex analyses and simulations of the supply chain network, identify root causes, and reduce errors and inconsistencies
Prepare and deliver training sessions when needed, including creating training materials
Support KPI definition and develop methodologies for measuring business performance
Assist teams with testing, performance analysis, and provide administrative support where necessary
Your skills
Bachelor’s degree in International Business, Business Administration/Management, *Logistics/Supply Chain, or Data Science & Analytics
4–5 years of relevant experience in digital data analysis and reporting
Proven experience with Python, PySpark, SQL, Git
Proficiency in MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Experience with Power BI is an advantage
Knowledge of cloud data tools; preferably Microsoft Azure/Databricks
Fluency in English
Strong communication skills and ability to work effectively in teams
High accuracy, attention to detail, strong analytical thinking, and good time‑management skills
PLEASE SEND YOUR CV IN ENGLISH
Benefits we offer
Flexible work scheme with flexible hours, hybrid work model and up to 30 days per year for remote work abroad
Diverse national and international growth opportunities
Globally applicable well-being standards, including health and preventive care programs
Gender-neutral parental leave for a minimum of 8 weeks
Employee Share Plan with voluntary investment and Henkel matching shares
13th salary, incentives
Cafeteria benefit system, Multisport card
Henkel shop and Henkel nursery school
Extra paid days off for special life situations, referral and relocation bonus
#HenkelSlovensko
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5232982
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.2.2026
2026-02-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
,
Reporting Specialist
Spoločnosť:
HENKEL SLOVENSKO, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 900 EUR/month