IT Administrator
Martinrea Slovakia Fluid Systems s.r.o.
Place of work
Priemyselná 1, 900 21 Svätý Jur
Contract type
full-time
Start date
01.04.2026
Wage (gross)
2 000 EUR/month
YEAR END Bonus
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
•      Installation, configuration and administration of MS Windows servers, user computers, printers,    and other software
• Providing user support and basic training.
• Maintenance, backup, and recovery of servers and workstations.
• Management of Aruba network devices.
• Maintenance and administration of access to data sources and email.
• Troubleshooting hardware and software issues.
• License and support management.
• Support in purchasing hardware and software according to corporate standards.
• Administration of the CMS ERP system.
• Analyzing, processing, and designing business requirements; implementing improvements and        updates in the ERP system.
• Collaboration with other departments (especially logistics, production, finance, and purchasing),     adjusting system processes according to departmental needs or management requirements.
• Reporting and administration of company IT systems.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.3.2026
(there are still 47 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Windows - Expert
UNIX/Linux - Beginner
Microsoft Excel - Advanced
Client/server administration - Advanced
LAN/WAN administration - Advanced
Windows server administration - Advanced
UNIX/Linux administration - Beginner
Experience in the position/sector
2
Number of years of experience
2
Personality requirements and skills
Knowledge of MS Windows Network, MS Azure, Entra, Intune.
Epicor CMS/ERP system running on IBM AS400.
Asset management in an internal system.
Administration of the ZABBIX system.
Ability to work responsibly, efficiently, and independently.
Maintaining documentation in an organized and structured manner.
Support and respect for customer/supplier requirements.
Knowledge of ZEBRA printers and scanners.
Administration of Raspberry Pi environment (both software and hardware).
Knowledge of VMWare and Proxmox environments
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
We specialize in engineering and manufacturing of automotive and industrial components, systems, and modules. Martinrea was founded in 2001 and its headquarters is located in Toronto, Canada. We have 30 global locations in seven countries and over 5,000,000 sq. ft. of manufacturing space with expansion potential. We have advanced Product Design and Development and R&D at the Technical Center in Troy, MI, AALA Accredited Laboratory in Toronto, Canada, and an additional lab in Auburn Hills, MI.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Erika Adamíková
Tel.:
+421 970 907 260 685
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5232144
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.2.2026
2026-02-10
lokalita:
Svätý Jur
Pozícia:
IT Network Administrator
,
IT System Administrator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Martinrea Slovakia Fluid Systems s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month