About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Scrum Master
Apply Now
Date posted:
11.2.2026
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 3 050 EUR/month
Motivated employees must be remunerated appropriately. The minimum salary for this important and responsible position is € 3050 gross per month (full time). The actual remuneration package will be guided by your professional experience and your qualifications, increased payment is possible.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet.
We need your help to make this happen. Join our new Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
In this role at our state-of-the-art center, you will have the opportunity to grow your skills and create solutions that will benefit patients around the world. Become the heart of our internal innovation engine.
At Takeda we unite in diversity!
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive workplace, where individuals are recognized for the diverse backgrounds and abilities they bring to our company. We are continually improving workplace experience and accessibility for everyone, and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our Team.
The Opportunity
As a Scrum Master at Takeda, you will accelerate Takeda's journey towards business agility through coaching, facilitating, and mentoring.
Responsibilities
•	Coordinate and integrate Agile and PMO practices to support the unique requirements of product development in a pharmaceutical setting, considering Statements of Work (SOW) and regulatory compliance.
•	Facilitate collaboration between a blend of internal and external team members to enhance productivity and ensure alignment with project goals.
•	Lead stakeholder management efforts across Europe and the US, ensuring effective communication and collaboration.
•	Promote knowledge sharing in Agile practices to improve stakeholder engagement and team performance.
•	Act as a trusted representative for the team in committees, coordinate with IT colleagues from other teams, and are SPOC for the product owner and business owners or other functions from the business.
•	Develop and sustain a culture of continuous improvement and shared responsibility.
•	Maintain and adapt feedback loops to enhance team efficiency and project outcomes.
•	Offer conceptual and innovative approaches to improve the organizational agility in RPA implementations.
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high-end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to bit.ly/icc-bts-benefits
- Cafeteria
- Medical - High standard medical care
- Bridge days
- Summer Hours
- Multisport Card
Your application and any and all conversations that occur with the recruiter, HR, and the hiring manager as part of that application will be treated in the strictest confidence.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
2
Personality requirements and skills
Required
•	Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field or equivalent work experience.
•	Proven experience in Agile and traditional project management roles, ideally within a dual methodology environment.
•	4+ years of experience in Agile development, with familiarity in Scrum, Kanban, and Lean, and in project management methodologies.
•	Proficiency in spoken and written English to manage stakeholders effectively.
•	Experience with Jira, Confluence, Power platforms and other similar tools is beneficial.
•	Comfortable leading and facilitating stakeholder workshops and planning sessions with distributed teams.
•	Solid grasp of ASDLC (Agile Software Development Life Cycle) processes and core principles.
Preferred
•	Experience in Healthcare/Life Sciences is a plus.
•	Experience with RPA (Robotic Process Automation) projects, such as Blue Prism, Kofax, or UiPath is beneficial.
•	Industry-recognized Agile and/or Project Management qualifications.
•	Preferred Technical Degree or equivalent experience.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5232877
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.2.2026
2026-02-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Scrum Master
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 050 EUR/month