About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Business Intelligence and Data Science Intern (Student Job)
Place of work
Mlynské nivy 12, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
agreement-based (Temporary jobs)
Wage (gross)
8 EUR/hour
Our final offer to you will be set up fairly, considering the skills and experience that you bring to the Swiss Re Group. You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Internship Opportunity: Business Intelligence, Data Science and Insurance
We're seeking a student intern for a 50% contract (around 20 hours/week). This role offers a unique opportunity to delve into the realms of Business Intelligence, Data Science and Insurance.
Responsibilities:
• Dashboard Creation: Develop and maintain Tableau Dashboards for portfolio analysis.
• Data Analysis: Extract and analyse data from our central Data Lake/DB using SQL.
• Data Pipeline Development: Assist in creating data pipelines using R/Python.
• Stakeholder Collaboration: Work with key stakeholders - Insurance Product & Pricing actuaries, Finance, Operations.
About the Team
Join our Portfolio Analytics team of 5 experts in insurance, actuarial sciences, business intelligence and data science based in Bratislava. As a team, we play a pivotal role in monitoring and optimising our insurance portfolio, collaborating with key company stakeholders and maintaining advanced analytics platforms. Your daily tasks will include developing and enhancing dashboards in Tableau, extracting and validating data, and ensuring the highest standards of data quality. You will also have the opportunity to support more experienced actuarial professionals in the team with analysing, cleaning and providing actionable insights from insurance data using Python and R.
Employee perks, benefits
- An ultra-flexible working time (own the way you work, possibility of home office)
- Various reinsurance trainings and other development trainings available on our learning platforms
- Long-term career opportunities and participation in international projects
Information about the selection process
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Please submit your application in English.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
• Academic Background: Ideally 4th-year student in Math, Actuarial, IT, Engineering or similar.
• Curiosity: Eager to learn about Data Science, Business Intelligence and Insurance.
• Technical Skills: Basic to advanced knowledge of at least one programming language (SQL, R, or Python).
• Analytical Skills: Strong analytical skills with the ability to handle large datasets.
• Detail-Oriented: Pay attention to detail having a solution-oriented mindset.
• Positive Attitude: Enthusiastic and willing to learn.
• Language Proficiency: Proficient in English.
Excited to join a dynamic team? Apply now!
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Barbora Cibakova
Apply here
ID:
5232993
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.2.2026
2026-02-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
IT Consultant
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
8 EUR/hour