CMS Senior Developer (Wordpress)
Rare Crew s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
1 800 EUR/month
The final level of the basic component of salary depends on the experience and knowledge of the candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are seeking a talented and experienced  CMS  Developer to join international development team. You will work on development of solutions for various industries such as news and media, sports and talent management, fashion and entertainment, and others.
Responsibilities:
CMS Development:
- Work with various content management systems  to build and maintain websites.
- Develop custom themes and templates based on project requirements.
Front-End Development:
- Collaborate with UI/UX designers to implement responsive and user-friendly interfaces.
- Write clean, well-documented HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code.
Integration and Migration:
- Integrate third-party APIs and services as needed.
Collaboration:
- Work closely with cross-functional teams, including designers, project managers, and    other developers.
- Provide technical expertise and support to team members.
Documentation:
- Create and maintain technical documentation for code, configurations, and processes.
Employee perks, benefits
Professional cooperation in the development of software solutions.
Interesting, trendy projects.
Young dynamic work team.
Know-how sharing culture.
Pleasant informal working environment.
Corporate cottage in the Low Tatras
Initial training and mentoring
Information about the selection process
If your profile is a match, you will first have a short HR screen, which might be followed by test assignment.
If you are successful, your final round will be an interview with manager(s).
We offer hybrid work (we have offices in Bratislava, Nitra and Presov), but we are open to full remote candidates as well.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
WordPress - Skillful
Joomla - Skillful
PHP - Skillful
HTML - Skillful
CSS - Skillful
ReactJS - Skillful
Search engine optimization (SEO) - Skillful
Vue.js - Skillful
Personality requirements and skills
Skills and Qualifications:
Thinking out of the box is must.
Proven experience as a Websites and CMS Developer.
Strong proficiency in PHP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and related web technologies.
Familiarity with other CMS platforms such as WordPress, Joomla,Vercel,Wix, etc. Not necessary to know all of them, or having expert knowledge of all of them.
Knowledge of front-end frameworks like React or Vue.js is a plus.
Understanding of web standards, security, accessibility, and SEO best practices.
Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills.
Strong communication and collaboration skills.
Understanding of agile development methodologies.
Preferred Additional Skills:
Experience with version control systems (e.g., Git).
Familiarity with DevOps, Azure and best practices there.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
About Rare Crew
Rare Crew is a global software company recognized for delivering high-quality, tailor-made IT solutions. Our mission is to be the trusted partner of choice for organizations seeking sophisticated technologies to enhance their operations and drive business growth.
We support both multinational enterprises at the forefront of innovation and ambitious mid-sized companies aiming to scale. Since our founding in 2011, Rare Crew has successfully delivered numerous impactful projects across diverse industries.
Our Team
Our team comprises over 200 highly skilled professionals, including developers, project managers, UX/UI designers, testers, business analysts, and domain specialists. United by a commitment to excellence, our global talent pool brings a rich diversity of perspectives and expertise—one of our greatest strengths.
If you share our values and are inspired by our mission, we invite you to explore opportunities to become part of the Rare Crew team.
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Zuzana Matuskova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5232911
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.2.2026
2026-02-11
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Frontend developer
,
PHP Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Rare Crew s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 800 EUR/month