SAP C4C Specialist
teamative a. s.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, part-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
3 500 EUR/month
Salary from €3500 gross. The final starting salary will be agreed upon during the interview and will depend on the candidate's experience, seniority, language skills, and form of cooperation.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Design, develop, and implement solutions in
SAP C4C (Sales & Service) V1
Participate in
SAP C4C implementations
, enhancements, and integrations
Analyse business requirements and translate them into technical solutions
Develop and maintain integrations using
OData and SOAP services
​
Work with
Sales processes
, including:
- Business Partner
- Lead
- Opportunity
- Quote
- Order / Contract
Test and troubleshoot APIs using tools like
Postman
Develop and support extensions and integrations on
SAP Business Technology Platform (BTP)
Contribute to solutions using
SAP CAP (Cloud Application Programming Model)
Collaborate with functional consultants, developers, and business users
Ensure solution quality, performance, and maintainability
Employee perks, benefits
Long-term project opportunities in IT, primarily in the SAP area
Opportunity for professional growth in IT project management
Stable and long-term projects for prestigious European customers
Collaboration with internal experts in modern technologies
Pleasant working environment and friendly team
Work in a dynamic environment
use of English, German is a big plus
support for education in German/English
friendly professional team with a flat organizational structure
supported work-life balance
Regular team-building activities abroad and in Slovakia
Health care (year-round/comprehensive medical examination)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
teamative helps customers to digitize their business. And it does so with a unique concept: It takes on the complete responsibility for innovative IT & SAP projects while at the same time defying the "War for Talent" with customized and scalable staffing services for holistic IT sourcing and can scale to any size in any technology through global and flexible team augmentation.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
or
German - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
SAP R/3 - Skillful
SAP S/4 HANA - Skillful
BTP - Skillful
SAP Cloud for Customer (C4C) - Skillful
SAP CAP - Skillful
OData - Skillful
Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP) - Skillful
Driving licence
B
Number of years of experience
2
Personality requirements and skills
(hands-on) developer experience with implementation of SAP C4C (Sales and Service) V1 (must)
experience with SAP C4C (Sales and Service) V2 is nice-to-have, but the candidate should at least know the difference/specifics between the versions
Sales Processes knowledge (must) – Business Partner, Lead, Opportunity, Quote, Order/Contract
SAP BTP (must) – experience as developer (and/or) technical consultant => SAP CAP
Knowledge of OData/SOAP/Postman (must)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
teamative helps customers to digitize their business. And it does so with a unique concept: It takes on the complete responsibility for innovative IT & SAP projects while at the same time defying the "War for Talent" with customized and scalable staffing services for holistic IT sourcing and can scale to any size in any technology through global and flexible team augmentation.
With a team of over 350 consultants, software developers and architects in 10 locations and additional 350 specialized partners, we help our customers make the most of their digital potential. As an innovation partner covering all situations, teamative combine the skills of a service provider with the flexibility of a staffing specialist. And create unique, scalable IT and SAP services, solutions and smart sourcing models of all kinds.
We provide services in:
- S/4 and SAP
- Digital Innovation
- Infrastructure
- Security & Cloud, and ServiceNow.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Maroš Mucha
Tel.:
+421911011578
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
You can react to this job
without sending your CV
. It is sufficient to fill in a form.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5232690
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.2.2026
2026-02-10
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
ABAP Programmer
,
Consultant
,
IT Architect
,
IT Consultant
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
teamative a. s.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month