IT Support Engineer
cargo-partner SR, s.r.o.
Place of work
Kopčianska 92, Petržalka, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 550 EUR/month
The final compensation may go above, depending on your professional qualifications and experience and will be discussed in the following stages.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Ready to launch your career in the dynamic area of IT Service Desk? Look no further!
We are seeking a tech-savvy colleague to work closely with our global IT team to ensure smooth operations of IT services. You’ll  essentially be the first line of defense for solving technical problems within cargo-partner, overseeing the IT workstation infrastructure.
What you'll be doing?
Act as an IT point of contact for all employees, delivering 1st level support for Windows- based applications and web applications.
Manage user accounts and permissions across multiple systems and applications.
Handle incoming support requests received via tickets, phone or email: troubleshoot, and resolve IT issues.
Assist employees with their IT workstation equipment, including PCs, laptops, tablets, printers, and telecommunication systems including IP telephony.
What you'll need for that?
Technical education or equivalent work experience in IT.
Proficiency in Windows operating systems (desktop required, server knowledge desirable) and MS Office applications.
Basic understanding of network technology and server infrastructure.
Strong problem-solving skills, a proactive mindset, and the ability to work in a team.
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, in English.
Employee perks, benefits
Lunch vouchers fully covered by employer even during any justified absence in the workplace
MultiSport card
Free day during employee's birthday
Financial contributions to personal and business anniversaries
Technical and personal training, language courses, eLearning and more
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
For over 40 years, cargo-partner has flourished in the logistics industry, delivering unparalleled service to our clients worldwide. We have now embarked on another journey and to continue our commitment for excellence, we have now joined the Nippon Express Group which will now underpin all the values we constantly aspire to achieve, now becoming a top 5 global player. As an end to end info logistics provider, we pride ourselves on offering a comprehensive portfolio of air, sea, land transport, and warehousing services. With a unique focus on information technology and supply chain optimization, we empower businesses to thrive in today's fast-paced world.
Join our dynamic team, where innovation meets passion and every voice is valued. Embark on a journey where your skills are nurtured, creativity is celebrated, and together, we take pride in making a difference.
Discover more about our Mission & Vision. Dive into a world of endless opportunities and embark on the cargo-partner journey with us.
cargo-partner is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an environment where all employees feel valued and respected. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or any other legally protected characteristics. We welcome and encourage applications from all individuals, regardless of background.
Explore endless opportunities and leave your mark with us.
Ready to get things moving? Join our team!
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Miroslava Slezáková
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5232452
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.2.2026
2026-02-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Service Technician
Spoločnosť:
cargo-partner SR, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 550 EUR/month