Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
DevOps Engineer
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 650 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
DevOps Engineer is responsible for smooth operation, maintenance and extension of whole infrastructure, supports developers and adds to customer satisfaction. They always look for ways how to improve our tech stack and can support other team members during emergencies.
Helps Telekom manage state sponsored projects in extending highspeed internet in Germany.
The platform is essential in entering project details and following with evaluation, managing entire lifecycle.
Are you familiar with cloud-native technologies and do you deploy modern software using GitOps principles? Are you interested in not just automating infrastructure, but also are interested in software development? Then become one of us!
What will you do?
Build a Docker image and develop a Kubernetes deployment from it.
Define infrastructure as code – instead of clicking it together in a UI. You are familiar with tools like Terraform or Helm.
Automate stuff using BASH, or sometimes Go
Support during software development lifecycle and can set up, operate, and extend common CI/CD processes.
Work with OTC Cloud platform.
Set up Kubernetes clusters and manage them using GitOps tools such as ArgoCD or Flux.
Debugging network issues in distributed systems.
Communicate your changes, teach and educate developers and users
You will succeed if you:
have experiences with ICT System – 4 years
have experience with Terraform / Terragrunt – Intermediate
have experience with Kubernetes – Intermediate
have experience with GitOps - Basic
have experience with HELM - Basic
CKA is huge benefit
have experience with Scripting (Bash) – Intermediate
have experience with Linux Operating System – Basic
have experience with any of cloud providers, such as OTC / AWS / Azure – Intermediate
have experience with Docker – Intermediate
have experience with Git – Intermediate
have experience with Jenkins / GitLab or similar CI/CD tools – Intermediate
have experience with ELK / Prometheus / Icinga /  Jaeger / Grafana – Basic
have experience with Networking – Basic
have experience with Security - Intermediate
are communicative, team player and have analytical thinking, training skills and presentation skills
speak English – Upper intermediate (B2)
have experiences with Agile Methodology
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 650 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Dana Dráčová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5232397
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.2.2026
2026-02-10
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 650 EUR/month