One bank.
Many career paths.
#makeITmatter
Student Part-time Junior Technical Analyst (all humans)
Location:
Bratislava, Bratislavský kraj, Slovakia
Working-Hours:
parttime_fixed_term
Division:
Customer Journeys
Company:
Erste Digital
Apply now
Make a difference in the financial life of millions of people: At Erste Digital you are co-creating the digital future, in which better financial health is possible. #believeinyourself
We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle.
With top notch technology, we drive the realization of the Group’s vision: To provide human banking in digital times and to build Financial Health for over 16 million customers in the CEE region.
We aim to attract and develop the best talent and aspire to be an IT employer beyond compare.
What to do:
As a
Junior Technical Analyst
, you will grow step by step into the role and work closely with experienced colleagues.
Support the analysis and improvement of technical requirements and processes of the BON application (=Berateroberfläche NEU) for advisors.
Assist in identifying improvement potential and help create technical specifications and documentation.
Collaborate with developers, UX designers, and business stakeholders to understand requirements.
Support the implementation and testing of new functionalities.
Contribute to ensuring quality and performance of technical solutions.
Learn and apply modern analysis tools and best practices in your daily work.
You check these boxes:
Ongoing education in computer science, business informatics, or a related field.
Understand or speak German (B2 level upwards).
First experience (e.g. internships, student jobs, trainee programs or junior roles) in software development, technical analysis or IT projects as an advantage.
Basic understanding of requirements analysis and technical processes.
Interest in modern analysis tools, methods and technologies, with motivation to learn more.
Willingness to learn, solution-oriented mindset, good communication skills and a structured way of working.
Why you will like us:
Possibility to benefit and learn from our international, talented and passionate community at Erste
Great learning curve through ownership and creative freedom.
Interest groups and clubs: Take part in discussions and get involved in projects. Numerous interest groups invite you to engage with a topic
Learning & Development – We are firmly convinced that every day is an opportunity for learning. Improve your know-how in workshops, seminars and through e-learning – from professional training to soft skills.
New way of work: With our flexible working hours model we want to make your life less complicated. Combing the best of both worlds, remote and company time.
We offer you a part-time internship position (20h/week). An internship salary starting up from 8€/h, depending on your skills and previous work experience is offered.
The way we are:
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual orientation or origin.
Apply now
Follow us:
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5232341
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.2.2026
2026-02-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Erste Digital GmbH
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
8 EUR/hour