Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior Backup Engineer
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Join the team at Operational Services GmbH, within Deutsche Telekom Systems Solutions Slovakia, providing opportunities for talented IT professionals in Slovakia. OS is one of the leading ICT service providers in the German market and is considered the backbone of digitization for medium-sized companies. With almost 1,000 highly qualified employees, OS develops and operates state-of-the-art IT systems for our customers, ensures long-term system support, and maintains the availability of critical business processes.
If you are excited to join an English and German-speaking team that values innovation, structure, and collaboration, this role could be the perfect fit for you.
Purpose
We are looking for a senior technical expert responsible for the design and implementation of storage technologies, software deployment, and data center operations.
What will you do?
Responsibility for data center operations, software deployment, and handling incident, change, and problem tickets.
Continuous improvement of backup services and related infrastructure.
Implementation and maintenance of assigned backup solutions, either as part of a team or independently.
Administration and operation of enterprise backup systems.
Implementation, configuration, and maintenance of backup/restore environments.
Troubleshooting and root cause analysis of complex backup issues.
Participation in planning, designing, and documenting backup architectures.
Automation and scripting of recurring operational tasks (PowerShell).
Ensuring service quality according to defined SLAs.
You will succeed if you:
Have at least 3 years of experience with:
Administration of
Veeam Backup & Replication
systems
Experience with
SAN and NAS storage
administration (advantage)
PowerShell
and scripting skills
Knowledge of
Rubrik
Knowledge of
Windows and Linux server
environments
Knowledge of
Azure administration
Knowledge of
ITIL
processes
Analytical and conceptual thinking skills
Nice to Have
Experience with
Fibre Channel SAN Storage
Desired Certifications
VMCE – Veeam Certified Engineer
AZ‑104 – Microsoft Azure Administrator Associate
ITIL Foundation
(advantage)
Languages
English
– Upper Intermediate (B2)
German
– Nice to have
Other Requirements
Experience in implementing IT solutions.
Hands‑on mentality with strong ownership of tasks.
Organized approach to planning and coordinating implementation steps.
Ability to align with all relevant stakeholders.
Strong team player.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lívia Tomečková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5233791
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.2.2026
2026-02-12
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 850 EUR/month