Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior ICT Engineer for infrastructure - VMware ESXi
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
ESX team is responsible for virtualization layer. On the top of the virtualization layer, team deploys Virtual machines which are later on operated by network, OS, storage and other teams. ESX team uses VMware software products and ESX servers runs directly on the server HW and allows virtual servers to use HW more or less directly. VMware ESX integrates into VMware vCenter, which offers extra services to enhance the reliability and manageability of a server deployment. The main goals are to keep the platform up and running stable, SW and HW maintenance, Troubleshooting, Patching, Migrations, Consultations, Onboarding.
What will you do?
Perform, coordinate and improve complex activities (3rd level environment) needed to provide IT services and the supporting infrastructure in order to fulfill relevant KPI’s.
Plan, implement and maintain a stable technical infrastructure.
Diagnose and resolve complex tickets or escalate complex tickets with direct/potential impact related to IT infrastructure.
Investigate the root cause of complex incidents and then initiate actions to improve or correct the situation.
Evaluate, authorize, prioritize, plan, implement, document and review complex changes in controlled manner or escalate to higher authority.
Create and maintain technical documentation to support IT service.
You will succeed if you:
have experience on similar position focused on administration
have valid certification in given technology - advantage
speak English - Upper intermediate (B2)
are willing to participate on on-call duties
have technical skills and soft skills mentioned below
IT Technical skills:
Virtualization platform knowledge – expert
Windows, Linux, Network, Storage - advantage
Knowledge of the ITIL processes
Independent solving and troubleshooting of incidents and errors within defined
Soft skills:
Analytical thinking - Expert
Training and mentoring – Advanced
Communication - Advanced
Team cooperation - Advanced
Negotiation skills - Advanced
Presentation skills - Intermediate
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lívia Tomečková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5233903
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.2.2026
2026-02-12
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 850 EUR/month