Lenovo Slovakia
Benefits
Jobs
Contact us
Senior Data & Reporting Solution Lead
What do you need to succeed in this opportunity
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to speak both technical and business language.
Excellent collaboration skills to work effectively with teams worldwide
Proven ability to engage and influence senior management and business stakeholders.
Independent, self-driven, and fast learner.
Strong organizational skills with the ability to manage multiple stakeholders and deliverables.
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases
Design, develop, and maintain dashboards, reports, and analytical applications using Qlik Sense and Power BI.
Understanding of data warehousing concepts (ETL/ELT, STAR schema, snowflake schema), Kimball / Inmon methodology is a plus
Hands on experience with Python for use in data integration, data manipulation, data pipelines is a plus
Degree in Computer Science, or similar field; a Master’s degree is a plus
Required education
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
vysokoškolské III. stupňa
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Stredne pokročilý (B2)
What will you do
Act as a trusted advisor to senior management by providing insights that support strategic and operational decisions.
Work closely with internal customers (e.g. sales, operations, reporting teams & IT)
Build reporting solutions and deliver key business insights on regular basis
Analyze complex datasets to identify trends, opportunities, and risks.
Support the definition and tracking of business KPIs and performance metrics.
Continuously collect requirements and enhance reporting solutions to deliver the best possible business insights
Enable the business teams to make data driven and well-informed decisions
Analyze raw data, developing and maintaining datasets, Improve data quality and efficiency
Other information
Place of work:
Landererova, Bratislava, Slovensko (Pozícia umožňuje občasnú prácu z domu)
Salary offer (gross):
3 100 EUR/mesiac
depending on experience + variable part 12% of your annual earnings
Contract type:
plný úväzok
What we offer
Healthcare and well-being
Development
Work - life balance
Bonus system
Community life (CSR)
About Lenovo
Lenovo is a company in a constant state of
creation.
Here, you'll
architect
your own career,
pioneer
new ideas and
master
new skills.
Lenovo Slovakia employs more than
25 nationalities
and
is the biggest shared service center in Lenovo Group.
Our people share a common aspiration to
be the very best.
Whether
serving
our customers,
working
together as a team or
contributing
to the community, we are working to build
unique company.
APPLY
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5233352
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.2.2026
2026-02-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Databázový analytik
,
IT analytik
Spoločnosť:
Lenovo (Slovakia) s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 100 EUR/mesiac