Data Intergity Specialist
DP World Logistics Slovakia s. r. o.
Place of work
Nitra
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
From 1 450 EUR/month
base salary can be adjusted according to your experience and expertise offered
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are seeking an experienced
Data Integrity Specialist
to join our team in
Nitra, Slovakia,
who is willing to work in shifts, 2 shift pattern. For the future may be added also 3rd shift.
Your Responsibilities:
Maintain stock accuracy between AOS to CMMS and AOS to SAP.
Investigate and respond to any stack discrepancies (stock losses, quality issues and supplier short shipments).
A hands-on approach to data cleaning as required.
Maintain system accuracy and support P.I process, Engineering change process and obsolete stock process.
Maintain customers google documents including additions, deletions, investigation and corrections.
Assist and support new projects and model changes within the facility.
Other duties as assigned.
Employee perks, benefits
13th salary for fulfillment defined criteria and reliability in team collaboration
​Transportation allowance to work according to the company's current directive
​Meal allowance according to the law
​Stable job in a growing logistics company
​Friendly team and pleasant atmosphere​
Information about the selection process
Please send your CV in English language.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
Experience in the position/sector
logistics,  warehouse environment
Number of years of experience
2
Personality requirements and skills
Your Profile:
Good      understanding of WMS concepts.
Experience      of using SAP or similar ERP within supply chain functions.
Data      oriented personality.
Ability      to understand process models a data structures.
Proficiency      in Excel
Strong      interpersonal and communication skills.
Ability      to manage you own time and priorities tasks.
Fluent      English speaker
SKILLS
:
Strong communication      skills
Problem solving
Detail oriented
Exceptional critical      thinking skills
Strong collaborator
Results oriented
Confidentiality
​
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
About DP World
Trade is the lifeblood of the global economy, creating opportunities and improving the quality of life for people around the world. DP World exists to make the world’s trade flow better, changing what’s possible for the customers and communities we serve globally.
With a dedicated, diverse and professional team of more than 115,000 employees from 160 nationalities, spanning 78 countries on six continents, DP World is pushing trade further and faster towards a seamless supply chain that’s fit for the future.
We’re rapidly transforming and integrating our businesses -- Ports and Terminals, Marine Services, Logistics and Technology – and uniting our global infrastructure with local expertise to create stronger, more efficient end-to-end supply chain solutions that can change the way the world trades.
What's more, we're reshaping the future by investing in innovation. From intelligent delivery systems to automated warehouse stacking, we’re at the cutting edge of disruptive technology, pushing the sector towards better ways to trade, minimising disruptions from the factory floor to the customer’s door.
DP World is on a mission to transcend boundaries and bridge the gap between all nations and cultures – not just in what we do but also in how we behave.
We are dedicated to creating a culture where everyone feels respected, supported, and empowered to reach their full potential. We believe that embracing inclusion and diversity, drives innovation and growth and helps us connect people, businesses, and societies. Free minds and different perspectives are changing our world, and together we can change what’s possible.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Petra Borsos
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5233330
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.2.2026
2026-02-11
lokalita:
Nitra
Pozícia:
Database Administrator
Spoločnosť:
DP World Logistics Slovakia s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 450 EUR/month