Software Engineer DevOps
Software AG Development Center Slovakia, s.r.o.
Miesto práce
Južná trieda, Košice, Slovensko (Pozícia umožňuje občasnú prácu z domu)
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Termín nástupu
asap
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
Od 3 200 EUR/mesiac
depending on skills and experience salary might be higher
Informácie o pracovnom mieste
Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednosti
We are looking for a Software Engineer with a strong DevOps mindset to join our Developer Platform team in Košice.
This is a development-focused role in a small, highly technical team. You will design and build internal services, automation, and developer tooling in a modern, cloud-native, GitOps-driven environment. Your mission is not classic operations, but to improve developer experience and productivity by owning and evolving internal platform components.
What you will doSoftware Engineering & Platform Development
Design, implement, and maintain backend services for internal platforms and developer tooling
Build and evolve internal developer platform components and development-related services
Develop automation and self-service solutions that improve developer productivity and delivery speed
Take end-to-end ownership of internal services (design, implementation, documentation, maintenance)
DevOps & Cloud Enablement
Implement GitOps-based deployments using Argo CD and Helm
Manage platform infrastructure and components using Infrastructure as Code (Terraform / OpenTofu)
Drive the architectural design and evolution of CI/CD, deployment, and QA pipelines, including performance and reliability improvements.
Define, evolve, and implement branching models and repository structures that support efficient development and delivery.
Work with containerized applications using Docker and Kubernetes
Collaboration & Continuous Improvement
Collaborate closely with Cloud Operations and build/process teams
Improve repository structures, workflows, and delivery processes
Proactively identify improvement opportunities and drive them forward
Share knowledge and ensure backup coverage within a small, efficient team
Zamestnanecké výhody, benefity
Employee perks, benefit
Earn competitive total compensation and receive comprehensive country-specific medical and other benefits.
Annual financial bonus up to 200% of the monthly salary.
​Enjoy time and location flexibility with our Hybrid Working Model. Work anywhere in your country or abroad for up to 10 days per year.
​Set yourself up for success in your new role by upgrading your home office space using your one-time hybrid work payment.
​Meditate using your premium Headspace subscription.
​Work-life balance policy: you get Extra Vacation days & Sickness days.
​Lean on the Employee Assistance Program for support during some of life’s most common but difficult challenges.​
Informácie o výberovom konaní
We will contact only chosen candidates.
Požiadavky na zamestnanca
Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelaním
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
Vzdelanie v odbore
Computer Science
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Stredne pokročilý (B2)
Osobnostné predpoklady a zručnosti
Must-Have
Several years of hands-on software development experience
Strongly preferred: Java / Spring Boot
Experience building backend services and REST APIs
Experience working in cloud-native environments, ideally AWS
Solid understanding of containerized applications (Docker, Kubernetes)
Experience with Git-based workflows
Strong sense of ownership, self-motivation, and responsibility
Good communication skills in English and a collaborative mindset
Nice-to-Have
Experience with JS/TS and React
GitOps tooling (Argo CD, Helm)
Infrastructure as Code (Terraform / OpenTofu)
CI/CD tooling (GitHub Actions)
Experience with Kafka, MongoDB, or Redis
Curiosity about AI-driven automation and modern productivity tooling
Inzerujúca spoločnosť
Stručná charakteristika spoločnosti
Software AG Development Center Slovakia was founded in 2005 as a subsidiary of Software AG (now SAG ARIS GmbH) and operates in Kosice. Fifty employees are mainly focused on the development of ARIS. ARIS offers a truly collaborative process improvement environment. It makes processes transparent, controlled, manageable and agile. Business and IT get the tools they need to collaborate for true end-to-end business and IT improvement, guided by governance. ARIS also enables enterprises to confidently meet internal and external legal requirements and standards while efficiently managing risks.
We are looking for experts to join one of our development teams. The development teams consist of highly experienced software engineers following SCRUM/AGILE principles. The successful candidates will take part in the overall Software Development process and will work in close collaboration with all international teams.
ARIS, the Process Intelligence leader helps organizations turn their processes into value. By managing the entire process lifecycle with a single, integrated suite, ARIS enables companies to define, analyze, simulate, optimize and control their processes.
ARIS is consistently recognized by Gartner and Forrester as a leader in Process Intelligence and Process Mining and is trusted by thousands of businesses across finance, healthcare, manufacturing, retail and others to improve and reinvent their business. For more information, visit www.ARIS.com and follow ARIS on LinkedIn.
We are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect and fairness where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and employees without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, pregnancy, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
Počet zamestnancov
25-49 zamestnancov
Kontakt
Kontaktná osoba: Andrea Zárembová
Tel.:
+421905628571
E-mail:
poslať životopis
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5233122
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.2.2026
2026-02-11
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Javascript programátor
,
Programátor
,
Python programátor
Spoločnosť:
Software AG Development Center Slovakia, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 200 EUR/mesiac