Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Application Manager with Product Ownership
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 320 EUR/month
Final salary is
negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 1320€ /brutto.
Additional information
* Please be informed that our
remote working possibility is only available within Slovakia
due to European taxation regulation.
As the Login & Access Hub, we provide a central authentication service for millions of external customers, enabling access to essential services such as TV, email, Customer Center, and OneApp. With over 70 million logins and 15 million unique active users daily, this functionality is critical to the customer experience. The login process is far more complex than it appears, relying on a combination of existing and new applications. Our team works every day to enhance and simplify the login experience while integrating innovative solutions like OneApp and OneShop. We are looking for talented professionals to join us in shaping the future of secure and seamless access.
What will you do?
WHAT WILL YOU DO?
Product Ownership
Backlog management (Development and Operation Tasks)
Translate complex technical requirements into actionable User Stories, incl. clear Acceptance Criteria and basic API/Data structure definitions
Application Management
Oversee development, integration, and maintenance to ensure performance, reliability, and scalability
Provide support to functional units and key users on application‑related issues
Ensure production stability, availability, and security of applications
Coordinate resolution of application issues
DevOps and Automation
Oversee and define requirements for CI/CD pipelines
Identify opportunities for automation to improve efficiency and reduce downtime
Collaboration
Participate in an AI migration project, modernizing a large legacy system leveraging AI capabilities (strong collaboration with the AI SWAT team)
Partner with cross‑functional teams (infrastructure, DevOps, development) to support and improve application performance
Communicate effectively with stakeholders to gather requirements, update progress, and align on priorities
You will succeed if you:
YOU WILL SUCCEED IF YOU:
have solid experience with application management, security awareness, and operational support.
understand the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and can read or interpret code structures such as Java, Python, or Go to support technical refinements.
if the role and responsibilities of a Product Owner are close to you
grasp system analysis concepts related to production stability and availability.
are familiar with security and compliance requirements.
can effectively report on and manage improvements or new developments.
have hands‑on experience with CI/CD tools (e.g., GitLab CI/CD) and containerization technologies like Docker or Kubernetes.
understand cloud‑native application architectures.
communicate clearly and collaborate well across different functional teams.
are familiar with Google Cloud Platform.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 320 EUR/month
Final salary is
negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 1320€ /brutto.
Additional information
* Please be informed that our
remote working possibility is only available within Slovakia
due to European taxation regulation.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lucia Gbúrová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5233551
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.2.2026
2026-02-12
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 320 EUR/month