BSH Home Appliances Group
»
Možno sa zajtra z domácej práce stane hra.
«
Cristina
Corporate Innovation
BSH Home Appliances Group
»
Možno zajtra budú naše výrobky centrom spoločenského života.
«
Charlotte
Digital Transition
BSH Home Appliances Group
»
Možno kuchyňa zajtra bude vedieť, čo by som si dal na večeru.
«
Sebastian
Trainee Sales
BSH Home Appliances Group
»
Možno už zajtra nám roboty pomôžu rozvíjať nové zručnosti.
«
Dominic
Factory Cooking Production Setting
Menu
O nás
Čo ponúkame
Voľné pozície
Kontakt
Junior SW Developer – QM Database                                                       (Dohoda o brigádnickej práci študenta)
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
agreement-based (Temporary jobs)
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
6 EUR/hour
Depending on experience
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Working on a sustainable data model and aligning it with interfaces
Creating a secure and reliable IT environment
Implementing use cases
Developing a basic frontend — implementing core input and output functions
Implementing AI and smart features
Designing a UX-driven frontend / advanced frontend (externally developed)
Participation in the development of a quality database using defined development tools based on requirements. This database supports quality engineers with the data needed for daily evaluations. You can work independently but with support from the project team.
Information about the selection process
We will contact just persons who are suitable for the job
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
Educational Specialization
Informatic, Electro-Engineering or comparable
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
or
German - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Strong proficiency in Python development.
Experience with any of the following Python frameworks/libraries:
Flask (for web application development)
Pandas (for data manipulation and analysis)
API development (designing and implementing RESTful or GraphQL APIs)
SQLAlchemy (for database interaction and ORM)
Proficiency with VS Code or other modern integrated development environments (IDEs)
Beneficial skills (nice to have):
Experience with version control systems, particularly Git.
Familiarity with containerization technologies such as Docker.
Knowledge of message-queueing systems, such as RabbitMQ.
Database knowledge, including:
SQL (writing and optimizing queries)
PostgreSQL (experience with this relational database)
Supabase (familiarity with this BaaS platform)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
The company BSH Drives and Pumps s.r.o. is based in Michalovce and is a subsidiary of the BSH Hausgeräte GmbH group, which has been a 100% part of the BOSCH group.
The main activity of the company is the development and production of electric motors, pumps and fans for white goods, mainly for washing machines, dryers, dishwashers, steam extractors and small household appliances.
Another important part of the company is the electronics development center for home appliances.
The company produces more than 13 million engines annually. The entire volume of production from Michaloviec is intended for export and is part of appliances of the main brands of the BOSCH and SIEMENS concerns, as well as other local brands belonging to the BOSCH group (Balay, Thermador, Constructa, ...) produced in factories in Europe, Asia and America.
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Jana Berillová
Tel.:
+421566417481
E-mail:
send CV
Sme členom skupiny
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5233652
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.3.2026
2026-03-16
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Database Administrator
,
Database Analyst
Spoločnosť:
BSH Drives and Pumps s.r.o., člen skupiny BOSCH
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
6 EUR/hour