Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior NAS Storage Engineer
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Join the team at Operational Services GmbH, within Deutsche Telekom Systems Solutions Slovakia, providing opportunities for talented IT professionals in Slovakia. OS is one of the leading ICT service providers in the German market and is considered the backbone of digitization for medium-sized companies. With almost 1,000 highly qualified employees, OS develops and operates state-of-the-art IT systems for our customers, ensures long-term system support, and maintains the availability of critical business processes.
If you are excited to join an English and German-speaking team that values innovation, structure, and collaboration, this role could be the perfect fit for you.
Purpose
We are looking for a senior technical expert responsible for the design and implementation of storage technologies, software deployment, and data center operations.
What will you do?
Responsible for daily operations in the data center, software deployment, and handling incident, change, and problem tickets.
Drive continuous service improvements.
Implement and maintain storage solutions as part of a team or independently.
Operation and administration of NAS storage systems for our customer.
Planning, design, and implementation of commissioning and operations of complex storage systems.
Execution of complex operational tasks and requests.
Participation in creating decision papers and technical concepts.
Installation and maintenance of operational tools.
Design and implementation of supporting tools.
Development and planning of service concepts.
Monitoring and control of order processing.
Ensuring agreed service levels.
Creation and maintenance of technical documentation.
You will succeed if you:
Have Master’s or diploma degree, or equivalent professional experience
Have minimum
3 years of experience
with:
ITIL processes
Administration of NAS storage systems (e.g., NetApp FAS / AFF / Ontap Select, EMC DD2200 / DD3300, NetApp StorageGRID Webscale)
Strong analytical and conceptual thinking skills
Hands‑on mentality and structured approach in planning and implementing solutions
Ability to align technical steps with all relevant stakeholders
Team‑oriented mindset
English – Upper Intermediate (B2)
German – Advantage (nice to have)
Optional Skills
Knowledge of Azure administration
High‑availability solutions on common storage platforms (e.g., Dell PowerStore)
Desired Certifications
ITIL Foundation (advantage)
AZ‑104 (preferred)
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lívia Tomečková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5233784
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.2.2026
2026-02-12
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 850 EUR/month