Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior System management / Monitoring  Engineer
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
The  Senior System Management Engineer is responsible for the implementation, configuration, and maintenance of IT monitoring tools and systems. The main goal is to ensure the continuous availability, performance, and reliability of business-critical infrastructure by proactively identifying and resolving system-related issues.
Team description
Join the team at Operational Services GmbH, within Deutsche Telekom Systems Solutions Slovakia, providing opportunities for German-speaking talents in Slovakia. OS is one of the leading ICT service providers in the German market and is considered the backbone of digitization in medium-sized companies. With almost 1,000 highly qualified employees, OS develops and operates the most modern IT systems for our customers, ensures long-term system support, and maintains the availability of critical business processes.
What will you do?
Configure, manage, and maintain IT infrastructure monitoring tools
Ensure comprehensive monitoring coverage across servers, applications, and network components
Develop and fine-tune monitoring rules, thresholds, dashboards, and alerts
Work closely with infrastructure, application, and service teams to ensure timely resolution of incidents
Perform root cause analysis and support problem management
Participate in system upgrades, migrations, and automation projects
Ensure documentation is up-to-date and follows operational standards
Collaborate with cross-functional teams on tool integration and enhancement
Support audit and compliance activities related to monitoring
Provide on-call support as needed
You will succeed if you:
Have minimum 2 years of hands-on experience with the following monitoring tools:
Icinga2
Broadcom Spectrum
Centreon
Amdosoft b4
PRTG
Grafana
Prometheus
Solid understanding of infrastructure monitoring principles and best practices
Experience with SNMP, WMI, and API-based data collection
Ability to create monitoring templates, scripts, and automation where needed
Experience with Linux/Unix and Windows environments
Analytical thinking and problem-solving skills
Excellent communication and teamwork abilities
Desired Certifications (Nice to Have):
The ideal candidate would hold, or be willing to obtain, one or more of the following certifications:
Zabbix Certified Professional / Expert
Prometheus Certified Associate (PCA)
Grafana Labs Certification
ITIL Foundation (v3 or v4)
Linux Professional Institute Certification (LPIC-1 or higher)
Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate
CompTIA Network+ / Server+
Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA) – if working in containerized environments
ITIL
Language Requirements:
German – Nice to have
English – Upper Intermediate (B2)
Possible specialisation
Participation on on-call duties , independent solving and troubleshooting of incidents and errors within defined expertise.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lívia Tomečková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5233857
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.2.2026
2026-02-12
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
Systems Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 850 EUR/month