Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Data Scientist
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Proposed career path
Deutsche Telekom possesses an endless amount of data, therefore as a Data Scientist, you will have a lot to play with. You will conduct statistical analyses with support of machine learning techniques and integrate those results into existing solutions and business processes (determination of trends, patterns, prediction models, etc.). Joining us, you will become a part of a fast growing Telekom IT Data Science/ ML community which operates in different Data Science fields such as NLP, Time Series Forecasting, etc. Opportunities are plenty and it will be up to you to pick one. With your expertise rising, you can be soon promoted to Senior od Lead Data Scientist.
What will you do?
Utilize NLP techniques to analyze and process textual data, extract insights, and develop models for various NLP applications, such as sentiment analysis, text classification, and information extraction.
Utilize Time Series Forecasting methodologies to analyze historical data patterns, develop predictive models, and generate accurate forecasts for future trends and patterns.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements and develop data-driven solutions that address specific challenges and opportunities
Communicate findings and insights to stakeholders through data visualizations, reports, and presentations, and provide recommendations for strategic decision-making in the relevant fields.
Continuously evaluate and improve data collection and analysis processes, ensuring data quality, accuracy, and integrity throughout the data lifecycle
Stay updated with the latest trends and advancements in NLP, Computer Vision, and Time Series Forecasting, and recommend innovative approaches, tools, and techniques for data analysis and modeling in these domains.
Work with the data engineering team to design and implement data pipelines and infrastructure that support data analysis and modeling initiatives
You will succeed if you:
Have Master's degree & minimum 3 years of working experience in a relevant field, such as Computer Science, Data Science, Machine Learning, or a related discipline
Have experience with cloud platforms, such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud
Have proficiency in Python and deep learning libraries like TensorFlow, PyTorch, or OpenCV
Have solid knowledge of SQL for data extraction and manipulation
Have experience with basic DevOps tasks (building CI/CD pipelines for docker image building, deploying containers to AWS)
Have experience with visualization (f.e. Grafana/Kibana) and orchestration tools(Airflow)
Have strong problem-solving skills, with the ability to formulate data-driven solutions for complex business problems
Have a desire to further develop skills and explore other data science fields within the company
Are fluent in English, both written und spoken (German would be great advantage)
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Dana Dráčová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5233355
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.2.2026
2026-02-11
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month