One bank.
Many career paths.
#makeITmatter
Delivery Management (all humans)
Location:
Bratislava, Bratislavský kraj, Slovakia
Working-Hours:
fulltime_permanent
Division:
Lending Solutions
Company:
Erste Digital
Apply now
Make a difference in the financial life of millions of people: At Erste Digital you are co-creating the digital future, in which better financial health is possible. #believeinyourself
We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle.
What to do:
Manage the delivery of products from idea through development and testing to production.
Prepare backlogs for Quarterly Planning sessions alongside Product Owners.
Responsibility for the efficient delivery of committed releases.
Monitor the local UAT (User Acceptance Testing) phase and communicate relevant bugs to Product Owners.
Remove obstacles in the delivery process and drive continuous improvement of delivery practices.
Act as a servant leader for the delivery team, facilitating Scrum ceremonies (Sprint Planning, Reviews, Retrospectives, Daily Stand-ups) and fostering a collaborative, high-performing team environment.
Support and coach the team in agile principles and practices, ensuring transparency, focus, and continuous improvement.
You check these boxes:
In-depth knowledge of agile frameworks such as Scrum
Experience in facilitating large meetings and workshops.
Proven track record of close collaboration with Product Owners and technical teams.
Proficient in using Jira and Confluence for managing the software development lifecycle.
Fluent in English, German is a plus.
Why you will like us:
Possibility to benefit and learn from our international, talented and passionate community at Erste
Interest groups and clubs: Take part in discussions and get involved in projects. Numerous interest groups invite you to engage with a topic
Health Care – Taking care of your health is important. That’s why we contribute to your above standard medical examination and provide a helpline in case of hard lifetime situations. You also receive a salary compensation during sick leave
Work-Life-Balance – Sabbatical, paternity leave, contribution to marriage & childbirth, 4 days of extra holiday per year, contribution to the 3rd pillar and MultiSport card. This is how we promote a balance between work, leisure, and family
Employee Referral Program – Become a talent scout for career opportunities in IT. We are rewarding every successful referral for Erste Digital
A competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - we are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 2800,- gross per month for this full time position. But this is just a formality, we are more than happy to discuss your actual expectations.
The way we are:
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual orientation or origin.
Apply now
Follow us:
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5233782
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.2.2026
2026-02-12
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
,
Scrum Master
Spoločnosť:
Erste Digital GmbH
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month