Project Manager in Software company
Gamanet a. s.
Place of work
Zátišie, Bratislava
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
immediately
Wage (gross)
1 500 - 3 000 EUR/month
final salary depends on the level of seniority and experience
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
An international software company is looking for a colleague and project manager who, in addition to leading people, would be in charge of the strategy and organization of development.
He will be involved in defining, planning and managing the development and will be responsible for implementation and participate in the preparation of a product development.
The main responsibility is team coordination and control over the project plan of the entrusted team. We are looking for someone with knowledge of agile methodologies and someone who is willing to make the effort to learn everything necessary.
Your responsibilities:
Collection, specification, and analysis of requirements
Project and schedule planning
Communication with the development team and business partners
Presentation, including an explanation of the solution
Taking part in international projects
People management
In case you think this is the right job for you, do not hesitate to send us your CV.
2 years of previous experiences in IT project management is required.
Employee perks, benefits
- work in the development of modern products in a dynamic environment
- flexible working hours
- HR program (extra week of vacation, sick day)
- corporate events
- participation in educational events, conferences
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT, Management
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Project management - Skillful
Managing people - Skillful
Experience in the position/sector
IT Project Management
Number of years of experience
2
Personality requirements and skills
min. 2 years of previous experience in project management
fluent written and spoken English on a professional level
You have to be an authority, have the drive, dynamics, inner strength & energy
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Gamanet a.s. is a company engaged in software development in the security field. Since the launch of the C4 security integration system in 2005, the system has been improved and developed to meet the ever-growing needs of the global market. Gamanet a.s. has offices in South and North America, the Middle East and Ukraine, in addition to its headquarters in Bratislava. Our business activities cover more than 350 partners from almost 30 countries worldwide. More information about Gamanet a.s. can be found on our website www.c4portal.com.
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Marian Gal
Tel.:
+421948618872
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5233013
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.2.2026
2026-02-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
,
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Gamanet a. s.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month