About us
Our benefits
Open positions
IT Product Owner
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 300 - 5 400 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between [EUR 3,300] and [EUR 5,400] per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers:​-the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, ​-the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience.​In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits.​Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the Team and our Scope
Our team, a software house within Swiss Re, develops cloud-native (Azure-based) SaaS/PaaS solutions for external Life & Health insurance clients. Our portfolio includes established products like Magnum and those in growth or incubation stages, used globally. We utilize the latest technology and prioritize innovation to stay competitive.
Our technical team comprises over 150 professionals with multidisciplinary skills, located in various countries, delivering highly available, multi-regional solutions used worldwide.
About the Role
We are looking for an experienced IT Product Owner to lead the implementation of strategic and complex projects. You will ensure that the technology team delivers value to the business, oversee daily and strategic delivery of technical solutions, and act as the main interface between Product Management and engineering teams.
Your main responsibilities include conveying the product vision to the team, prioritizing the backlog, and setting the direction for product releases and sprints. You will manage application releases and identify technical improvements within your area.
Your responsibilities will be:
•	Leads technology development efforts by describing vision, outlining work in the team backlog, and prioritizing it based on business value. The team itself has multi-functional skills to do the actual work (analysis, design, develop, test, document, operations, etc.). Uses appropriate methodologies (e.g. Agile).
•	Analyze business requirements end to end to ensure they meet quality criteria to enable smooth delivery. Verify the underlying business need and identify potential solution options. Defines which features of a product are most important, when they are developed, etc. based on input from leadership and stakeholders.
•	Reads, understands and validates technical designs meet solution needs for scalability, maintainability, cost effectiveness. Ensures that solution architecture and releases are developed aligned with the company governance and security policies.
•	Sets team direction, breaks down concepts into manageable achievable steps, assesses risks / challenges, collects estimates for large and complex size initiatives and coordinates to stay on track with delivery.
•	Plan the appropriate mix of functional and technical roadmap items to ensure that the solution they are managing remains scalable, maintainable and cost effective.
Employee perks, benefits
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
If you possess traits and experience that match most of the below, we’d love to hear from you:
•	Extensive experience in information technology and software development management with a special emphasis on delivering cloud solutions for large enterprise.
•	Demonstrated ability to discover and describe the current state situation, understand strategic business goals, design and articulate future state, perform gap analysis and make recommendations to business leadership that meet goals and requirements.
•	Demonstrated ability to understand, translate and communicate technical and complex ideas and situations to a wide variety of audiences including clients, coworkers and management.
•	Good competency of various technologies which may include cloud solutions, application development languages and frameworks, client/server systems, web and application servers, databases, etc.
•	Strong analytical, problem solving and project management skills. Experience in leading IT projects and software development lifecycles.
•	Strong abilities to manage a team, create a high-performance culture, monitor and improve delivery according to KPIs.
•	Experience of leading multiple stakeholders often with competing demands and deadlines.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Livia Pasztorova
Apply here
ID:
5234259
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.2.2026
2026-02-13
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
,
IT Product Manager
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 300 EUR/month