Pracuj pre Hoval
Aktuálne pozície
O spoločnosti Hoval
SAP Consultant QM, PP
Place of work
Istebné
Contract type
full-time
Start date
agreement
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
- Minimum basic salary, higher value of basic salary depends on candidate's experience, monthly variable evaluation 0 - 8% of the basic salary, + monthly attendance bonus 0 - 100 €, + bonus for loyalty
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Analyze and translate business requirements into functional SAP solutions for PP and QM.
Manage configuration, customization, and integration of SAP PP/QM modules with related systems.
Provide system support, troubleshoot incidents, and perform root cause analysis to ensure system reliability.
Participate in SAP projects and enhancements, from concept to go-live and post-implementation support.
Collaborate with business stakeholders to design and implement process improvements.
Conduct user training and create comprehensive documentation for new functionalities
Employee perks, benefits
Work in a foreign company with a promising production program
Flexible working hours
Home office under internal rules
Paid time off in excess of the law in accordance with internal rules
Corporate events and gifts according to the occasion
Meals paid in excess of the law
Information about the selection process
Send your CV in English.
We will contact only selected candidates who meet our requirements mentioned above.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.3.2026
(there are still 45 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Information technology
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Office - Skillful
SAP - Skillful
Driving licence
B
Experience in the position/sector
3
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Business Informatics, or comparable
3+ years of experience as an SAP consultant, ideally with a focus on PP and QM modules, ABAP and ABAP-OO knowledge is an advantage
Strong understanding of manufacturing and quality management processes.
Hands-on experience with SAP S/4HANA is a strong advantage.
Analytical thinker with excellent problem-solving and communication skills.
Fluent in English; German proficiency is an asset
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Hoval is one of the leading international companies for indoor air conditioning solutions. More than 75 years of experience constantly motivate us to design innovative system solutions.
We take our responsibility for the environment seriously. Energy efficiency is at the heart of our heating and ventilation systems, which we design and develop.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Kariéra HOVAL
Tel.:
+421914222999
E-mail:
send CV
/Hoval
/hoval
/hoval-slovensko
/HovalTV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5234370
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.2.2026
2026-02-13
lokalita:
Istebné
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
HOVAL, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month