Working Student* SAP QM (f/m/d)
Concircle Slovensko s.r.o.
Place of work
Concircle Slovensko s.r.o., Bottova, Bratislava
Contract type
part-time
Start date
as soon as posible
Wage (gross)
From 1 800 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
concircle is shaping the digital future of industrial companies
– with smart technology, sharp process expertise, and a strong team spirit. As a leading IT consulting company in the field of Digital Supply Chain, more than 100 colleagues in AT, SK, CH, and DE work together to deliver innovative solutions for well-known industrial clients.
YOUR TASKS AT CONCIRCLE
From day one, you will actively contribute and work on:
the
analysis and development
within innovative
implementation projects
related to SAP QM.
the
execution of tests
to ensure a stable implementation and a secure go-live – including
documentation and presentation preparation.
building know-how in
SAP Quality Management.
WHAT IS IMPORTANT TO US
You are studying
Industrial Engineering, Business Informatics, or Logistics
and are close to your master's thesis.
Ideally, you have already gained
initial experience in production processes and/or SAP
e.g. through internships or working student roles.
Basic programming skills
or the willingness to learn it.
Fluent German skills (min. C1)
and very good
English skills (min. B2).
Employee perks, benefits
WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT FROM US
Regular team events
promoting our team spirit.
An
attractive salary package
with base salary, variable component, and various benefits.
International projects
with up to 50% travel domestically and abroad.
Experienced team,
that actively lives cooperation and mutual support.
Trainings and Certifications:
The opportunity to actively advance your career.
We are looking for individuals who want to achieve great things with us, and we are happy to reward that accordingly. For this position, we offer a
gross monthly salary starting at € 1,800 (full-time) plus a performance-based bonus and numerous benefits
. Depending on your qualifications and experience, we are happy to agree on a higher salary in the interview. We look forward to your application: application.90-SK@concircle.com . More info : www.concircle.com/career-2 .
*We are committed to diversity, reject discrimination and do not think in categories of gender, ethnic origin, religion, disability, age or sexual identity.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
German - Advanced (C1)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Concircle is a high performance and result oriented consultancy that advises renowned, international manufacturing companies on efficient IT use to achieve their business goals.
We are a young, very motivated team that has achieved extraordinary success in the 11 years’ time of its existence. We are looking for a new team member with the following qualifications to support our industrial consulting in Vienna (AT), Bratislava (SK), Munich (DE) or Winterthur (CH) at the earliest possible starting date.
Contact
Contact person: Concircle office
Tel.:
+421948075777
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5234777
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.2.2026
2026-02-13
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Concircle Slovensko s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 800 EUR/month