One bank.
Many career paths.
#makeITmatter
Software Tester for Lending Solutions (all humans)
Location:
Bratislava, Bratislavský kraj, Slovakia
Working-Hours:
fulltime_permanent
Division:
Lending Solutions
Company:
Erste Digital
Apply now
Make a difference in the financial life of millions of people: At Erste Digital you are co-creating the digital future, in which better financial health is possible. #believeinyourself
We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle.
What to do:
Perform functional, regression, integration, and exploratory testing to ensure software stability and quality.
Participate in backlog refinement and sprint planning, providing input on testability and acceptance criteria.
Collaborate closely with developers throughout the entire user story, ensuring a unified approach to delivering market-ready software at the end of each Sprint.
Create well-structured and comprehensive test cases, with a focus on quality and thoroughness.
Communicate risks, test progress, and quality status clearly to the team.
Engage in Agile methodologies, actively participating in Scrum teams, and working alongside developers and business analysts.
You check these boxes:
Solid understanding of software testing principles, including test design techniques and regression strategies.
Ability to design, execute, and document test cases and report issues in a structured and transparent manner.
Strong analytical and problem‑solving skills with a focus on detail, quality, and reliability.
Effective communication and collaboration skills, enabling smooth interaction with technical and non‑technical stakeholders.
Fluent in English, German is a plus.
Why you will like us:
Possibility to benefit and learn from our international, talented and passionate community at Erste
Interest groups and clubs: Take part in discussions and get involved in projects. Numerous interest groups invite you to engage with a topic
Health Care – Taking care of your health is important. That’s why we contribute to your above standard medical examination and provide a helpline in case of hard lifetime situations. You also receive a salary compensation during sick leave
Work-Life-Balance – Sabbatical, paternity leave, contribution to marriage & childbirth, 4 days of extra holiday per year, contribution to the 3rd pillar and MultiSport card. This is how we promote a balance between work, leisure, and family
Employee Referral Program – Become a talent scout for career opportunities in IT. We are rewarding every successful referral for Erste Digital
A competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - we are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 2300,- gross per month for this full time position. But this is just a formality, we are more than happy to discuss your actual expectations.
The way we are:
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual orientation or origin.
Apply now
Follow us:
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5235188
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.2.2026
2026-02-16
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
Erste Digital GmbH
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 300 EUR/month