Technical Team Lead / (Senior) Software Engineer (all genders welcome)
5G Systems GmbH
Place of work
Wallnerstraße, Vienna, Austria (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
Flexible
Wage (gross)
6 430 - 7 000 EUR/month
*Competitive annual base salary starting from €90.000,- up to €98.000,- adjustable to your level of experiences.

**Please note: this is a Vienna based role. Working permit for Austria is required in advance. This is not a remote job.

***please apply only via this link: 
https://talent.sage.hr/jobs/99fa0c2a-a007-4ec3-8455-df96a808d1e2 

****DO NOT APPLY VIA EMAIL
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
This is us!
We are 5G Systems GmbH
- with an office in the heart of the city center of Vienna we aspire to craft, manage, and innovate high transactional software solutions for diverse gaming brands that drive multiple regulatory environments and products for the gaming industry, ensuring technical excellence, customer alignment, and continuous innovation.
5G Systems
is an equal opportunity employer. Here we value diversity and are committed to providing a professional environment of mutual respect to everyone without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws.
5G Systems
is 100% owned by Tipico,
the Germany’s market leader in sports betting
, with offices across the world.
This is what you will be doing with us:
You will be leading a small team & working to build the leading provider of high scalable, event-driven software solutions for Tipico's gaming ecosystem. That's what 5G systems is!
With this application process we want to get to know you and learn more about your profile, experiences, expertise & identify where the matches are.
Long term experiences in hands-on
Backend & Frontend
software development in the real money gaming sector & deep know-how in the
Sports betting & Casino industry are mandatory!
Even if you are not searching for a career move right a way, but wants to have an initial touch point with us, let's see how it goes together.
Great things are happening here and we want to be ahead of the game.
Is this you?
Solid experience in leading teams
of high skilled software engineers;
University degree or equivalent in the field of Technology
is an advantage;
7+ years
of professional experience in
hands-on Backend & Frontend development in the real money gaming sector;
Fluency in English is mandatory (German is an advantage);
Deep know-how & experience in the Sports betting & Casino industry are mandatory!
Strong
communication skills
– you can explain technical decisions clearly and understand non-technical perspectives;
Proactive mindset –
you take ownership
, raise issues early, and look for solutions instead of waiting for direction;
Collaboration & empathy
– you value diverse perspectives and enjoy working closely with others;
A collaborative & a proactive approach to solving problems;
Our offer to you looks like this:
The unique chance to write
Gaming history from Austria
, more precisely from the heart of the city center of Vienna.
Hybrid working model
combining office & home-office days. We support & encourage our employees to embrace our hybrid working model. All the teams are expected to work from home & spend an average of three days a week in the office together.
Fantastic celebrations
- well, we mean Parties - such as Summer Party, Welcome Days, Project releases completion, Poker nights and of course, the X-Mas Party.
Your
Birthday is a Free-Day
from the work. Make sure to celebrate it!
Competitive annual base salary starting from €90.000,- up to €98.000,- adjustable to your level of experiences.
Please note:
this is a Vienna based role
. Working permit for Austria is required in advance. This is not a remote job.
Our Values:
Open Communication:
we believe in creating a space where everyone feels safe to share ideas, feedback, concerns, and questions—without fear of judgment. Transparency, honesty, and active listening are key to keeping communication open and respectful, so we can grow together, build trust, and support each other every step of the way.
Ownership:
we take full responsibility from ideation to execution and beyond. We proactively fix issues, drive improvements, and never wait for someone else to step in.
Humor:
it is how we work, connect, stay positive, and spark creativity. Good laughs keep our energy high, especially when things get tough.
Innovation:
it is at the heart of everything we do. We challenge boundaries and set new industry standards.By balancing creativity with purpose, we experiment boldly—because we're here to elevate the game. Always.
Teamwork:
when we come together as one team, magic happens. It’s all about trust, collaboration, having each other’s backs, and turning challenges into opportunities.
Employee perks, benefits
The unique chance to write
Gaming history from Austria
, more precisely from the heart of the city center of Vienna.
Hybrid working model
combining office & home-office days. We support & encourage our employees to embrace our hybrid working model. All the teams are expected to work from home & spend an average of three days a week in the office together.
Fantastic celebrations
- well, we mean Parties - such as Summer Party, Welcome Days, Project releases completion, Poker nights and of course, the X-Mas Party.
Your
Birthday is a Free-Day
from the work. Make sure to celebrate it!
Competitive annual base salary
starting from €90.000,- up to €98.000,-
adjustable to your level of experiences.
Please note:
this is a Vienna based role
. Working permit for Austria is required in advance. This is not a remote job.
Information about the selection process
*Competitive annual base salary starting from €90.000,- up to €98.000,- adjustable to your level of experiences.
**Please note: this is a Vienna based role. Working permit for Austria is required in advance. This is not a remote job.
***please apply only via this link:
https://talent.sage.hr/jobs/99fa0c2a-a007-4ec3-8455-df96a808d1e2
****DO NOT APPLY VIA EMAIL
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Software Engineering, Software Testing, IT QA
Language skills
English - Proficiency (C2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
We are 5G Systems - with an office in the heart of the city center of Vienna we aspire to craft, manage, and innovate high transactional software solutions for diverse gaming brands that drive multiple regulatory environments and products for the gaming industry, ensuring technical excellence, customer alignment, and continuous innovation.
We build event-driven software solutions for Tipico's gaming ecosystem.
5G Systems is 100% owned by Tipico, the Germany’s market leader in sports betting, with offices across the world.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Marco Quege, MBA
Tel.:
+436642053995
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5235797
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.2.2026
2026-02-16
lokalita:
Austria
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Frontend developer
,
Java Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
5G Systems GmbH
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
6 430 EUR/month