O nás
Novinky
Kontakt
Značka prémiového recruitmentu
S&you
patrí do portfólia pôvodom francúzskej skupiny
SYNERGIE
, 5. najväčšieho poskytovateľa HR služieb v Európe. V regióne Česko-Slovensko pôsobíme už viac ako
25 rokov
. Špecializujeme sa na vyhľadávanie a výber zamestnancov na pozície špecialistov, stredného a vyššieho manažmentu.
Pracovné ponuky:
Financie
Bankovníctvo
IT
Telco
Obchod
Marketing
Priemysel
Logistika
Administratíva
HR
Software Engineer II (Java)
Place of work
Prague, Czech Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Start date
ASAP
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
110 000 Kč/month
final salary depends on the candidate's experience
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a skilled Software Engineer II who will play a key role in building and supporting software solutions within financial systems,
Collaborate within an Agile development environment to design and deliver software solutions
Gain a strong understanding of functional and non-functional application requirements in order to identify and resolve defects
Take part in on-call support rotations to handle escalations and respond to client issues
Support product deployments and assist in resolving any post-release incidents
Mentor and support other developers, sharing knowledge and best practices
Contribute to the recruitment and hiring of new engineering team members
Employee perks, benefits
Attractive financial compensation, including performance-based bonuses and incentives
Opportunities for further education and professional development
Company benefits
A friendly and motivating team with opportunities for career growth
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
2–3 years of solid experience in developing mission-critical business applications using Java and SQL Server
Hands-on experience with designing and implementing RESTful APIs
Familiarity with build tools such as Maven or Gradle
Working knowledge of JavaScript, HTML, and JSON
Strong communication skills with the ability to collaborate effectively with team members and key stakeholders
Well-developed analytical, problem-solving, and critical-thinking abilities
A proactive attitude toward continuous learning and ongoing professional development
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
SYNERGIE Slovakia as recruitment and consulting agency has been present on the Slovak market since 1999. We are a part of SYNERGIE Group - the 5th largest HR solutions provider in Europe.
We do offer international experience, consultants with wide-ranging knowledge and experience in their specific fields and deep knowledge of the job market.
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services. (25908/2004 - OSS 129/2005. Plati pre SR.)
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
20-24 employees
Information about the selection process
Odpovedáme všetkým kandidátom do 3 pracovných dní, a to aj v prípade zamietavého stanoviska
Nenašli ste ponuku, ktorá by Vás zaujala? Navštívte našu stránku
www.synergie.sk
, kde nájdete aj pozície, ktoré nie sú zverejnené na pracovných portáloch.
Poznáte niekoho, kto je vhodným kandidátom na jednu z našich pozícií? Zapojte sa do nášho referenčného programu a získajte 200 EUR!
Odporučte známeho
Contact
Contact person: Dominika Heyder
E-mail:
Zoznam odvetví
Financie
Bankovníctvo
IT
Telco
Obchod
Marketing
Priemysel
Logistika
Administratíva
HR
Aktuálna
ponuka
Kontakt
Synergie Slovakia s.r.o.
Dunajská 4, 811 08 Bratislava
Tel: (+421) 2 54 41 55 22
Fax: (+421) 2 54 41 54 89
E-mail:
sandyou@sandyou.sk
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5235018
Dátum zverejnenia:
15.2.2026
2026-02-15
lokalita:
Prague
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
S&you by SYNERGIE
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
110 000 Kč/month