Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Security Technik Specialist
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 800 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
We`re team of Security experts who are enthusiastic in area of security threats. Currently we are responsible for security safety of many international customers. Grow your skills and knowledge in this interesting security area and become a Security Technik Specialist.
What will you do?
You will be responsible for administrative and operative tasks in security processes
Develop, provide, and introduce operational security rules, processes, and plans in a task field
Select, specify, and introduce specific security management tools and provides last-level technical support for security management systems.
You will be involved in developing and carrying out security analyses.
Develop, provide, and introducing operational security rules, processes, and plans in a task field
You will be involved in defining and carrying out event-driven tests as part of security management and their reviews; analyzing and devising optimization measures, including initiating and implementing measures
Select, specify, and introduce specific security management tools in the task field
Functionally preparing, agreeing on, and updating complex service agreements and contracts with partners and customers in the task field
Provide last-level technical support for security management systems in the task field
Advise and support employees on security topics
Be involved in projects and managing sub-projects
You will succeed if you:
Have achieved bachelor’s or master’s degree in IT
Have CCNP certification
Have fluency in the English language at the B2 or C1 level
Are experienced minimum 4 years in ICT Systems Engineering
Have effective communication
Are a team player
Have clear criminal records
Advanced knowledge of Routing and switching
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 800 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Dana Dráčová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5235338
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.2.2026
2026-02-16
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 800 EUR/month