About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Principal Data Scientist
Apply Now
Date posted:
16.2.2026
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 4 450 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is €4450 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Data Scientist
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our new Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
In this role at our state-of-the-art center, you will have the opportunity to grow your skills and create solutions that will benefit patients around the world. Become the heart of our internal innovation engine.
At Takeda we unite in diversity
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive workplace, where individuals are recognized for the diverse backgrounds and abilities they bring to our company. We are continually improving workplace experience and accessibility for everyone, and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our Team.
The Opportunity
We are seeking a Principal Data Science Analyst to design and implement the AI/ML strategy across Manufacturing Sciences, working in close partnership with Manufacturing Sciences domain leaders to translate strategic priorities into scalable and compliant solutions. You will design AI/ML roadmaps, drive adoption of advanced analytics, and mentor data scientists, and influence analytics direction across Manufacturing Sciences to deliver measurable operational impact. You will also shape manufacturing AI/ML strategy, lead cutting-edge projects, and directly impact global manufacturing operations in a collaborative, innovative environment.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•	Lead global AI/ML initiatives across 20+ manufacturing facilities in alignment with Manufacturing Sciences strategic priorities
•	Architect AI platforms integrating real-time manufacturing data with cloud MLOps environments.
•	Drive innovation in AI/ML manufacturing optimization and autonomous process control.
•	Establish standards for model governance, bias mitigation, and regulatory compliance.
•	Mentor data scientists and collaborate with Manufacturing Sciences SMEs, IT, engineering and quality business functions.
•	Translate emerging AI/ML trends into practical applications that support Manufacturing Sciences decision-making and operational goals.
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to our Benefits page (button above).
• Cafeteria
• Medical - High standard medical care
• Bridge days
• Summer Hours
• Multisport Card
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Essential Experience Requirements:
•	Master’s or Ph.D. in Data Science, CS, Engineering, or related STEM.
•	10+ years in AI/data science roles, including demonstrated technical and people leadership.
•	Advanced ML/AI expertise experience (Classical ML: KNN, SVM, Random Forest/GBMs etc.). Deep learning: CNNs/RNNs/GRU, autoencoders, Backprop/Autodiff and experience with MLOps at scale.
•	Strong programming skills (Python, SQL) and familiarity with distributed computing (Spark, Kubernetes).
•	Experience in regulated environments, specifically: pharma preferred.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5235434
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.2.2026
2026-02-16
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Database Administrator
,
Python Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 450 EUR/month