Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Product manager for OTC
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 820 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
We run Open Telekom Cloud! Open Telekom Cloud is a public cloud standard product based on open source community software and driven by principles of DevSecOps. Lean structures, agile methods, highly motivated teams and an extremely dynamic business environment determine our actions. With this customer-oriented and agile orientation, we are the anchor point for the Public Cloud business in Deutsche Telekom Group.
Are you passionate about products? We share your enthusiasm! At Open Telekom Cloud, we're seeking a dynamic Product Manager to join our team. In this role, you'll take charge of managing your own product portfolio right from the start. You'll play a pivotal role in enhancing our existing product lineup and introducing exciting new offerings to the market.
What will you do?
• Manage the end-to-end product lifecycle from ideation to the launch of the product including monitoring of the products success & a potential end-of-life management.
• Define product vision, roadmap, and prioritization based on customer needs and business goals.
•Work closely with engineering teams to prioritize features, track progress, and ensure timely delivery of products and services.
•  Collaborate with the marketing team to develop go-to-market strategies, product messaging, and marketing collaterals.
• Support marketing and sales efforts by providing product expertise, participating in customer-facing activities, and contributing to sales enablement materials.
•Conduct market research and competitor analysis to identify market trends and opportunities.
• Analyze product metrics and key performance indicators (KPIs) to track product performance and identify areas for improvement.
You will succeed if you:
We are looking for an applicant who has high expectations of themselves, is conscientious but also open-minded and communicative. You will be able to present and explain complex IT solutions according to the target group. The following description rounds off your profile:
•Completed studies in a technical, engineering or business subject or comparable professional training.
• 3-5 years of professional experience in IT ideally with a focus on modern cloud technologies.
• Proven experience as a product manager or similar role, with a track record of successfully launching and managing products.
• Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to interpret data and make data-driven decisions.
•  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams and stakeholders.
• Solid understanding of Agile methodologies and product management frameworks (e.g., Scrum, Kanban).
• Experience with product management tools such as JIRA, Trello, or Asana.
•Passion for technology and innovation, with a customer-centric mindset and a commitment to delivering high-quality products.
• Business fluent in written and spoken English, German is desirable.
• Experience in managing supplier relationships.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 820 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Cecilia Kotercova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5236282
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.2.2026
2026-02-17
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 820 EUR/month