Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Junior ServiceNow Developer (part time job for students)
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
agreement-based (Temporary jobs)
Wage (gross)
From 5,5 EUR/hour
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
As a dynamic and international organization, we shape the future of Deutsche Telekom IT in integrated teams consisting of all relevant competencies – it goes without saying that Telekom customers are also part of these teams.
We are looking for young and driven developers for our ServiceNow projects to join our team to deliver solutions for Business-to-Business clients. The main goal of our products is to reduce complexity, orchestrate the Digital Order processes within Magenta Business and create new cutting-edge products for both internal and external customers. You will have the opportunity to work directly with leading experts in the industry .
What will you do?
Develop new solutions based on technical best practices
Actively collaborate with the customer to understand their needs and the business requirements
Analyze customer’s requirements and propose overall solution
Participate on bug fixing
Ensure high quality code by participating in testing and following industry standards
Write and update regularly technical documentation
Updates job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment.
You will succeed if you:
Are student with specialization in programming language
Have experience with ServiceNow platform
Have experience within the field of software development: JavaScript (REACT, Angular JS), and with agile software development methodologies
Have knowledge in building ServiceNow workflows
Are ServiceNow Certified ServiceNow System Administrator
Are Certified ServiceNow Application Developer
Have skills and knowledge of SQL and Web services
Are advanced at Soft skills such as Communication, Analytical thinking, team cooperation
Speak English at least on B2 level
Tech Stack
For our ServiceNow projects, we are searching for developers within preferred stacks (Front end, Back end,  Full stack or Data stack):
JavaScript (Mandatory)
REACT, Angular JS (Preferred)
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 5,5 EUR/hour
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Cecilia Kotercova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5236293
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.2.2026
2026-02-17
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
5,5 EUR/hour