Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior Security Technik Specialist
Place of work
Košice Region
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Senior Security Technik Specialist develops, provides and introduce high- level operational security rules, processes and plans in the task area. Holder of the position defines and executes planned tests, analyzes optimization measures in the area of security/ data protection. Senior Security Technik Specialist provides last- level technical support for security management systems across different technologies in the task area.
What will you do?
Independently check, execute, solve tickets (problem ticket, change management ticket, incident) in order to maintain service to customers according to given quality KPIs and internal processes (INM, CHM, PRM, DOM), 2nd and 3rd level environment support.
Smooth and uninterrupted operation of customers’ environment.
Propose and perform regular inspections and improvement recommendations.
Diagnose and resolve complex tickets or escalate complex tickets with direct/potential impact related to IT infrastructure.
Investigate the root cause of complex incidents and then initiate actions to improve or correct the situation.
Assess actual performance of IT infrastructure against its  predicted performance. Any deviations between the two should be understood and proactively remediated
Create and maintain technical documentation to support IT service
Train and participate on education of other employees
Participate on on-call duties, independent solving and troubleshooting of incidents and errors within defined expertise
You will succeed if you:
Hold Masters Degree - Information technologies
Experience
Have in depth knowledge of MS Windows Server 2019 with roles/features as ADDS, DNS, WSUS, DHCP, DFS etc.
Have experience in similar position - 2 year minimum
Have solid knowledge of protocols such as DNS, HTTP, HTTPS, SMTP and SNMP
Have network knowledge VLANs, teamings, etc.
Are familiar with VMWare, Symantec AV, Trellix – advantage
Certification
Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA) -advantage
IT Technical Skills
IT/ PC literacy – Advanced
HW/ SW overview - Intermediate
Core platform knowledge – Intermediate
Soft skills
Analytical thinking – Advance
Communication - Intermediate
Team cooperation - Intermediate
Training and mentoring -Basic
Presentation –Basic
Related platform knowledge
Participation on on-call duties
independent solving and troubleshooting of incidents and errors within defined
Languages
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other criteria or requirements
Clear criminal records
Willingness to learn about new technologies from various vendors and to achieve certifications
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 2 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Dana Dráčová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5236752
Dátum zverejnenia:
18.2.2026
2026-02-18
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 100 EUR/month