Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior DevOps Engineer – Intelligent Access Platform
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 600 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
As the Login & Access Hub, we provide a central authentication service for millions of external customers, enabling access to essential services such as TV, email, Customer Center, and OneApp. With over 70 million logins and 15 million unique active users daily, this functionality is critical to the customer experience. The login process is far more complex than it appears, relying on a combination of existing and new applications. Our team works every day to enhance and simplify the login experience while integrating innovative solutions like OneApp and OneShop. We are looking for talented professionals to join us in shaping the future of secure and seamless access.
Purpose
Senior DevOps Engineer is responsible for entire lifecycle of Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment pipelines and Infrastructure as Code approaches. Takes account and defines automated configuration management, release management, build, test and deployment activities. Provides prototypes and concepts for further automation of assigned technology.
What will you do?
Design, develop, test, and implement infrastructure for CI/CD pipelines
Automate and streamline software development and deployment processes using CI/CD best practices.
Manage source code, configuration management, release processes, and build/deployment activities.
Ensure system infrastructure stability, operational performance, and continuous improvement.
Set up and manage integrations with partner or third‑party applications.
Collaborate closely with developers and cross‑functional teams to ensure smooth integration and delivery.
Participate in AI migration initiatives, modernizing capabilities in close cooperation with the AI SWAT team.
Support project teams throughout development, quality assurance, release planning, and implementation.
Conduct performance analyses, tuning, troubleshooting, and root‑cause investigations.
Participate in software testing activities, including performance and integration testing.
Create concepts and proposals for further automation of services, processes, and operating models.
Evaluate, consult on, and implement innovative technologies aligned with the organization’s innovation strategy.
Troubleshoot and resolve application issues to ensure reliable system operation.
You will succeed if you:
Have strong experience with CI/CD tools such as GitLab CI/CD and Jenkins (advanced).
Possess expert‑level skills in scripting (Bash, Python).
Have expert‑level experience with Linux operating systems and understand Linux‑based operational environments.
Are knowledgeable about containerization with expert experience in Docker.
Understand orchestration platforms with advanced experience in Kubernetes.
Are familiar with cloud‑native application architectures.
Have advanced hands‑on experience with automation tools such as Ansible, Terraform, or Puppet.
Have advanced experience with monitoring and logging tools (e.g., ELK, Prometheus, Grafana).
Possess advanced knowledge of security principles and operational best practices.
Have experience with Google Cloud Platform.
Demonstrate strong communication and cross‑functional collaboration skills.
Speak English at an upper‑intermediate (B2) level.
Have experience working with Agile methodologies, including Scrum and SAFe.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 2 600 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Cecilia Kotercova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5237947
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.2.2026
2026-02-20
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 600 EUR/month