Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Senior Elastic Engineer with German
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
Perform, coordinate and improve most complex activities (3rd level environment) needed to provide IT services and the supporting infrastructure in order to fulfill relevant KPI’s. Plan, implement and maintain a stable technical infrastructure to support organization’s business processes. Identify weaknesses in used processes and eliminate them following industry and internal standards.
Team description
Join the team at operational services GmbH within Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia, offering opportunities for German- and English-speaking talents in Slovakia. OS is one of the leading ICT service providers in the German market and is considered the backbone of digitalization for medium-sized companies. With nearly 1,300 highly qualified employees, OS develops and operates state-of-the-art IT systems, ensures long-term system support, and maintains the availability of critical business processes.
What will you do?
Design, implementation, and operation of complex Elastic clusters (Elasticsearch, Kibana, Beats, Logstash, Elastic Agent, ECK)
Building and further development of highly available, scalable architectures (on-prem, cloud, or hybrid)
Development of ingest pipelines, index strategies, and dashboards for Observability & Security
Performance tuning, monitoring, capacity management, and troubleshooting in enterprise environments
Implementation of security and compliance requirements (RBAC, TLS, SIEM/SOC, security features)
Collaboration with DevOps, Security, and Infrastructure teams, as well as consulting internal stakeholders
Participation in an on-call rotation
You will succeed if you:
Have several years of experience with Elastic Stacks in enterprise environments
Have valid Elastic certification (e.g., Elastic Certified Engineer, Analyst, Observability Engineer, Security Engineer)
Deeply understand Elasticsearch internals (cluster architecture, sharding, query performance)
Are experienced in Kubernetes deployments (e.g., Elastic Cloud on Kubernetes / ECK)
Have excellent knowledge of Linux (Ubuntu, RHEL, or SUSE)
Have strong knowledge of automation (Terraform, Ansible, GitOps, GitLab, Helm)
Are proficient in Observability (logs, metrics, APM) and security topics (SIEM/SOC)
Have strong communication skills, consulting ability, and team spirit
Nice to have
Additional certifications (in automation, Kubernetes, or IT security)
Experience with multi-tenant or service provider architectures
Knowledge in the field of enterprise data platforms
Language Requirements
German: Upper Intermediate (B2)
English: Intermediate (B1)
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lívia Tomečková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5237711
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.2.2026
2026-02-19
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 850 EUR/month