Junior Data Scientist
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 880 EUR/month
In accordance with the EU Pay Transparency Directive, the minimum gross annual compensation for this position, determined based on objective and gender-neutral criteria, is 1 880 EUR/gross. The final compensation package will depend on the candidate’s qualifications and relevant experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Our opportunity
Junior Data Scientist – ideal for fresh graduates!
#LI-Hybrid
We have data.
We have cutting-edge technology and analytics tools.
We need an enthusiastic individual to deal with business challenges and make a difference.
We need an extra pair of hands and creative mind in our young dynamic team.
Interested? Give it a try. We need you!
Your role
As a Junior Data Scientist, your main tasks will involve:
Understand business problems and structure analytical approaches to solve them.
Generate proofs of concept from data that help deliver improved business results.
Prepare and pre-process datasets needed to deliver analytical solutions.
Generate distinctive risk insights that deliver improved business results.
Build and implement predictive models and other analytical solutions using both structured and unstructured data.
Collaborate with Data Engineers to deploy models into production environments and monitor models performance.
Support communication of findings, implications, and performance of the models to business stakeholders.
Your Skills and Experience
As a Junior Data Scientist, your skills and experience will ideally include:
University education (Bachelor’s degree or higher).
Ideal for fresh graduates or students finishing their degree.
Working knowledge of Python and basic data science packages.
Passion working with data and developing insights for use in business decisions.
Strong problem-solving skills and analytical thinking.
Strong verbal and written communication skills, especially the ability to translate technical results for business audiences.
English – B2 or better.
Nice to have:
Experience with Azure and Databricks
Experience with basic NLP concepts and large language models
Experience with SQL and other programming languages
Employee perks, benefits
On top of a competitive annual bonus, we offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes:
Working time benefits
Personal days off, Concentrated work week, Additional vacation, Home office, Extra days off at occasion of childbirth, Sabbatical leave
Monetary benefits
Life insurance from Zurich Austria, Compensation for salary loss during sick leave, 3rd pension pillar contribution, Risk Life Insurance, Meal contribution on top of the legally required minimum, Years of service bonus, Wedding bonus, Baby bonus
Other benefits
Electronic cafeteria, Maternity leave benefits, Massages in the office
Learning/Development
Professional Certifications, Online Education Portals, Extensive Onboarding program, Strengths based culture (GALLUP)
Location(s):
Bratislava or Kosice co-working space
Hybrid working:
at least 3 days a week in the office
Schedule:
Full-time
About us
At our company, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
21.3.2026
(there are still 30 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Actuarial & Pricing Analytics
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
Actuarial & Pricing Analytics
Number of years of experience
1
The position is suitable for a fresh graduate
Yes
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Zurich is a leading multi-line insurer that serves its customers in global and local markets. With about 60,000 employees it provides a wide range of property and casualty, life insurance products and services in more than 200 countries and territories. Zurich’s customers include individuals, small businesses, and mid-sized and large companies, as well as multinational corporations.
Zurich Slovakia is a Competence Center based in Bratislava and Kosice providing highly specialized services for Zurich's headquarter in Switzerland and all Zurich Business units around the globe. Our services are focusing on all types of actuarial services – Life and Non-life, pricing and reserving, on data science and engineering, risk management, business intelligence, information technology, software asset management as well as insurance network management and technical accounting. Our Competence Center employs around 400+ staff from 20+ different countries.
At Zurich Insurance, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Natalia Kuricova
Tel.:
+421  905 770 695
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5237448
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.2.2026
2026-02-19
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 880 EUR/month