ABAP Developer
Location:
Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary:
2 500 EUR/month
Contract type:
full-time
Your role
Key responsibilities:
Contribute to the development of new features of our own products
Collaborate with functional consultants and business stakeholders to translate requirements into technical specifications.
Participate in system architecture discussions and contribute to strategic technical decisions.
Conduct complex code reviews and enforce SAP development standards and best practices.
Provide guidance, coaching, and technical mentorship to junior and mid‑level developers.
Your skills
You are an innovative and resourceful developer with a strong drive to build high‑quality solutions and continuously refine performance. You bring curiosity, creativity, and a hands‑on approach to problem‑solving. You are motivated to deepen your expertise in SAP technologies while expanding your skills across modern cloud data platforms such as Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud, or Snowflake.
What We’re Looking For: If you’re innovative, creative, and passionate about developing custom software solutions, we want you on our team! Here’s what makes you a great fit:
Tech Enthusiast: You’re excited to explore SAP, Big Data management, test automation, and data analytics. Plus, you’re eager to work with technologies like Hadoop, HIVE, and in-memory databases.
Team Player: You’re motivated, eager to learn, and ready to collaborate with a young, dynamic team.
Programming Pro: You have a solid grasp ABAP programming language.
Database Basics: You understand the fundamentals of SQL and database systems.
Communicator: You can confidently speak and write in English at an intermediate level.
Benefits
Extra beneficial paid sick leave
Fully covered lunch allowance
Budget for personal wellbeing up to 1100€(based on years of employment)
Up to 2000€ referral bonus
Sick days
Multisport card
Sabbatical leave
Extra vacation on round work anniversaries
Possibility to travel abroad
Flexible working time
Home office posibilities
Worldwide travel insurance
Teambuilding events
Exciting challenges and personal development opportunities
Language classes and other training opportunities
Apply now
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Your HR contact
Angelica Iannuzzi
Recruitment Specialist
In what language should I send my CV?
Please send your CV in English. It‘s possible that your manager is located in Germany or is not native in Slovak.
What does the interview process look like?
The interview process typically consists of:
A short 15-minute introductory call with the HR department.
A 1-hour interview with the hiring manager and HR.
Depending on the position, a 20-minute call with a colleague from Germany or a department head.
Will there be any assessments or tests as part of the recruitment process?
Yes, for specific positions, we may require candidates to take tests. The types of tests may vary depending on the position.
For more information about SNP Group visit:
www.snpgroup.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5237443
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.2.2026
2026-02-19
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
ABAP Programmer
,
Backend developer
Spoločnosť:
SNP Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month