Back to open positions
About PwC
Students and graduates
Experienced candidates
Mothers
Benefits
Place of work
PricewaterhouseCoopers Slovakia, Ltd., Twin City Business Centre, Karadžičova, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
By agreement
Wage (gross)
2 800 EUR/month
(For candidates with demonstrated experience the salary is negotiable based on experience and proven seniority.)
AI Security Operations Specialist (m/f)
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Location:
Bratislava, Košice (Hybrid) — Engage with global teams across Western Europe and the USA
Team:
Advanced Technology Solutions (ATS) - AI Security Consulting at PwC
Join PwC's dynamic AI Security team, where your expertise can shape the future of AI platforms and applications.  As an AI Security Operations Specialist, you will ensure AI applications are securely designed and operated, integrating security throughout the AI lifecycle. Collaborate with engineering, data science, and compliance teams to drive secure development practices.
Key Responsibilities:
Security Architecture:
Develop standards for AI/ML systems and conduct risk assessments.
Global Collaboration:
Partner with teams to embed secure coding practices into CI/CD pipelines.
Threat Modeling & Compliance:
Guide teams in aligning with security policies.
Who We Are Looking For:
Experience in Security
: A strong background in application security, cloud security, or security architecture.
AI/ML Knowledge:
Hands-on experience with AI/ML systems lifecycle and familiarity with threat modeling methodologies.
Technical Proficiency:
Comfort with cloud platforms and skilled in using modern DevSecOps tools.
Collaborative Spirit:
Ability to work effectively with global teams and drive secure development practices.
Why Join Us?
Collaborate with global teams, driving innovative AI security solutions.
Flexible work arrangements, suited to your lifestyle.
Opportunity to be a key player in technological innovation and security excellence at PwC.
Get To Know Us:
Sample solution:
https://urbanheatreport.sk.pwc.com/
Conference presentation:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3epaKs2piA
Team profile:
https://jobs-cee.pwc.com/sk/sk/solvers-of-pwc-adam-knaze
In media:
https://hnonline.sk/pr-clanky/96082678-umela-inteligencia-moze-posunut-financne-oddelenia-na-uplne-novu-uroven
Thought leadership:
https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/issues/technology/path-to-generative-ai-value.html
Employee perks, benefits
Benefits you can enjoy while working at PwC
Financial Rewards:
Benefit from regular salary reviews and special life events/bonuses. Enjoy meal contributions and a cafeteria benefit system offering personalized choices.
Flexibility & Work-Life Balance:
Enjoy our hybrid working policy, flexible working hours, 2 extra days off during Christmas along with Sick-days. Every minute of your extra work is valued and compensated.
Career Development:
Engage in tailored internal and external training programs as well as structured career development plan.
Health & Well-being:
Access premium benefits such as Multisport card or a medical center membership. Take advantage of our Well-being and Work-Life Coaching program.
Supportive Culture:
Participate in teambuilding activities and social events and join our employee referral program. Experience a culture with regular feedback and a supportive environment.
Global Opportunities
: Seize the opportunity for international assignments and work on diverse projects with international clients. Explore the world while working with the possibility of working from abroad.
Extra perks:
Use various discounts at partner companies such as cars, health care, beauty, culture or others. Transfer up to 4 telephone numbers at discounted rates.
At PwC, we believe in nurturing your career, supporting your health and wellness, and recognizing your dedication. Join our team and experience a workplace that values you beyond your work hours.
Information about the selection process
If you'd like to apply for this position, please click on the "Apply Now" button on our website and apply through our system.
You can find the data privacy announcement here: https://pwc.to/2s8n2tn
If the current position is not right for you but you have friends or acquaintances in your area who could be interested in working with us, feel free to direct them to us. If we establish cooperation with a candidate recommended by you, you can receive a reward from 300 to 1000 EUR, depending on the seniority of the candidate: https://www.pwc.com/sk/en/careers/get-rewarded-for-recommending-candidate.html
We seek to hire people who are great at what they do and bring our behaviours to life in how they do it. Our PwC Professional framework guides us to work together to create a better tomorrow. Together, Trusted Leadership and Distinctive Outcomes are how we deliver on our purpose and strategy, serving our clients and living our values in every interaction, everyday. The PwC Professional framework defines the behaviours we’re all expected to demonstrate at PwC and what we look for in our future talent.
Are you ready to be a PwC Professional?
Contact
Contact person: Vanessa Barthová
E-mail:
send CV
Send CV
Back to open positions
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5237164
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.2.2026
2026-02-19
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
DevOps Engineer
,
Frontend developer
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
PwC
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month