Vacancies
Benefits
About us
Contact
Join
the banking revolution
Our Ohpeneers define our business. Each one is part of the fabric of our offering, and everyone brings passion to their field of expertise. Experienced bankers. Fanatic software engineers. Seasoned compliance specialists.
Back to all vacancies
Vacancy
IT Project Manager
Place of work
Lakeside Park, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
3 500 - 4 500 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Description
Are you passionate about shaping the delivery of transformative fintech solutions? Do you thrive in dynamic environments where your contribution directly impacts successful client outcomes?
We’re looking for a Project Manager to join our team and support a key new client engagement. In this role, you’ll be instrumental in planning, coordinating, and delivering high impact initiatives while working closely with cross functional teams.
Briefing
As Project Manager, you will:
Lead end to end project delivery - ensuring clarity, alignment and successful execution at every stage
Coordinate cross functional teams including engineering, product and stakeholders to ensure goals are met on time and within scope
Drive project planning, risk management, prioritization, reporting and stakeholder communication
Foster collaboration and continuous improvement through feedback loops and agile practices
Help bridge technical and business perspectives to ensure our client’s strategic vision becomes reality
About You
You have at least 5+ years of experience in project management, preferably in fintech or technology environments
You can confidently run workshops, manage dependencies and guide teams through complex delivery challenges
Knowledge of our tech stack is beneficial(e.g.,.NET, Java, Cloud technologies) and domain • experience in financial services is a plus
You are comfortable working with distributed teams and adapting to change
Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills — you make things happen and keep everyone aligned
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Ohpen delivers a cloud-based software solution for financial institutions. With offices in Slovakia, the Netherlands, UK, and Spain we help financial institutions get rid of their legacy. With a strong team we share the same objective; provide our customers with the highest possible quality out there.
Ohpen was founded by former bankers to manage retail investments, savings, current accounts, loans, and mortgages and was the first in the world to bring a bank fully to the cloud. We´ve been active for over 10 years and changing banking and FinTech the world over.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Valentína Horváthová
E-mail:
send CV
Send CV
OHPEN Technology Slovakia, s.r.o.
Tomášikova 64
Lakeside park
831 04 Bratislava
Slovakia
OHPEN Technology Slovakia, s.r.o.
Veľká Okružná 26
010 01 Žilina
Slovensko
Contact Us
E-mail:
info-sk@ohpen.com
www.ohpen.com
Linkedin
© 2025 Ohpen, All rights reserved
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5237835
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.2.2026
2026-02-19
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
OHPEN Technology Slovakia, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month