Join Our Team as a Junior Business Analyst
ADASTRA, s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, agreement-based (Temporary jobs)
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
2 000 EUR/month
Salary expectation depends on the seniority level and experiences and we are open to speak about it.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are seeking an enthusiastic and detail-oriented Junior Business Analyst to join our growing team. This role is ideal for junior to mid-level professionals who are interested in data warehousing and banking environments and want to grow their career in business and data analysis. You will work closely with senior analysts, data engineers, and business stakeholders to support data-driven initiatives.
Your responsibilities will include business analysis, data analysis, data modelling support, data mapping, and solution design within a regulated banking environment.
Employee perks, benefits
​• You will have an immense opportunity and our support to grow professionally, working on leading data analytics projects and technologies in the region
​• You will work in an environment which will stand behind you, support you in your growth, and which will value your work through competitive salary and a bonus structure
​Professional growth
​• Access to the latest technology and know-how
​• Personalized professional development plans
​• Young, dynamic and professional team
​• Potential to work on international projects
​• Unmatched opportunities for professional growth
​• Adastra Academy - wide range of leading-edge trainings & certifications, workshops, language courses
​Sport & Health
​• Adastra Skiing – four days in Austria
​• Adastra Health Days – various workshops about health, nature & the environment
​• Adastra RUN – support of running activities
​• Adastra Teambuilding activities
​• Multisport card, which grants access to hundreds of different gyms, studios and swimming pools
​Family-oriented benefits
​• ADASTRA family weekend – a weekend spent in the Slovak mountains hiking and a full-weekend program for children (creative workshops, carnival, etc.)
​• Birthday present
​• Wedding bonus
​• New baby bonus – one day off and a financial bonus​
Information about the selection process
We look forward to working with you, and you becoming an Adastran!
In case of interest, do not hesitate to send us your Curriculum Vitae in English language. We will contact only candidates who match the profile we are looking for. Thank you for your understanding.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Mathematics, Economics, Data Science, Business Analysis, Big Data, Data Analysis, Data Mining, Data Business Intelligence
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
SQL - Basic
ETL - Basic
Data modeling - Basic
The position is suitable for a fresh graduate
Yes
Personality requirements and skills
Basic practical SQL knowledge, with the ability to read, understand, and validate queries
Understanding of:
Data warehouse concepts
Relational database principles
Data models
ETL concepts and data flows
Ability to translate business terms into data objects
Data mapping
GAP analysis
Experience in documentation writing
Degree in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Economics, Business Analytics, or a related field.
Soft skills
Proactive attitude and consulting spirit
Responsible and reliable, with ownership of assigned activities
Fast learner
Detail-oriented
Able to follow defined standards
Not afraid to ask questions
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
At Adastra, we transform the Data & Analytics space by providing cutting-edge Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Cloud, Digital and Governance services. Our consultants specialize in transforming enterprise applications and collaborate across functions, competencies, and sectors to help our clients harness and leverage their data assets, accelerate innovation, improve operational excellence, and create unforgettable customer experiences.
Adastra has been recognized as one of Canada’s Best Managed Companies for 16 consecutive years, reinforcing our position as a best-in-class organization known for strategic excellence, innovation, and culture. People are at the core of Adastra's capabilities, and the Adastra Group has 2,500 consultants actualizing projects across 13 global branches. In 2020, the group's annual revenue crossed $230 millions. For more information, please check www.adastracorp.com
Number of employees
100-149 employees
Contact
Contact person: Dáša Noskovičová
Tel.:
+421911160750
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5237004
Dátum zverejnenia:
18.2.2026
2026-02-18
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Database Administrator
,
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
ADASTRA, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month