Data Analyst
Place of work
Nivy Tower, Mlynské nivy, Ružinov, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards
1 800 EUR/month
Position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We’re looking for a curious, detail oriented Data Analyst to help us build and maintain a trusted, holistic data foundation for a major corporate occupier account. In this role, you will collect, clean, structure, and document real estate, workplace, environmental, and business data to provide the team with clear insights and support strategic decision-making. You’ll work as part of an international team, using tools like Excel, Power BI, and Power Automate, while following data standards to keep our datasets complete, consistent, and up to date. We value a learning mindset, strong organizational skills, and the ability to transform raw data into strategic insights.
Ingest & structure data: Consolidate and organize datasets (leases, locations, space, cost, utilization, and related metadata).
Data Modelling & Analysis: Design, build, maintain, and operate data models and dashboards to monitor, analyze, and report on key real estate metrics.
Insight Generation: Extract meaningful, accurate, and actionable insights from large datasets and translate them into management ready, decision oriented presentations.
Cross-Functional Collaboration: Partner with a diverse range of internal and external stakeholders across disciplines including Account Management, Regional Real Estate Managers, ESG Team and Workplace Management.
Client Engagement: Contribute to high-impact presentations and discussions that enable senior stakeholders to make informed, transformational decisions
If you are interested in the position, please send your CV in english language. We value all candidates, however we will contact only those who meet criteria,
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Excel - Advanced
Personality requirements and skills
•	Strong analytical skills, a numbers driven mindset, and high technical affinity.
•	Advanced proficiency in Excel, including the ability to gather, structure, analyze, and manage large datasets and models.
•	Familiarity with Python (or similar programming languages) and experience with BI tools (Power BI, Tableau, Alteryx) are welcome but not required.
•	Foundational understanding of corporate real estate management is beneficial.
•	Proactive working style and bias for innovation.
•	Exceptional attention to detail, ensuring accuracy and precision in all analyses, models, and deliverables.
•	Clear and confident communication skills (written and verbal).
•	Collaborative mindset with the ability to work independently and at pace in dynamic client environments.
•	Prior experience in corporate real estate, capital markets or consulting is advantageous.
•	Fluent English; additional languages are a benefit.
Benefits
Well-being
Lunch e-vouchers / Financial meal contribution
Bonus lunch vouchers / Bonus financial allowance
Refreshment for employees
Fresh fruit
Wellness Day
Multisport Program
Employee Assistant Program
Spectrum Life Program
Friendly working environment
Home Office & Flexible Working Time
Company events - Team buildings, Sport Days, Christmas party
Days off - Childbirth, 1st Day at School
Volunteering Days off
Extra Vacation
Bonus perks
Educational Contribution
Cafeteria Benefit System
Contribution to III.pillar from the employer side
Life Occasion Bonus (Marriage, Childbirth)
Age Anniversary Bonus
Long Service Awards
Referral Bonus
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Monika Rajkovičová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5237670
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.2.2026
2026-02-19
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
Spoločnosť:
CBRE Global Workplace Solutions s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 800 EUR/month