Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Cloud Architect for OTC
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
We run Open Telekom Cloud! Open Telekom Cloud is a public cloud standard product based on open source community software and driven by principles of DevSecOps. Lean structures, agile methods, highly motivated teams and an extremely dynamic business environment determine our actions. With this customer-oriented and agile orientation, we are the anchor point for the Public Cloud business in Deutsche Telekom Group.
Purpose
You understand the latest developments in cloud and container technologies. You will work at times with Open Telekom Cloud customers to develop business applications or to deliver Open Telekom Cloud-focused workshops.
What will you do?
Solve complex problems in the daily operation of customer use-cases.
Develop and enhance customer cloud-based business applications.
Be a trusted advisor for OpenStack-based public cloud technology.
Plan and execute technical workshops at our customers' sites.
Consistently automate using common automation frameworks.
Work at the console without reservations and get your hands "dirty".Work in a team of specialists where everyone helps each other in an open and trusting manner.
You will succeed if you:
Have completed studies in a technical, engineering or scientific subject or comparable professional training.
Have 5-7 years of professional experience in IT with a focus on modern cloud technologies.
Have very good knowledge of software, cloud and container architectures.
Have experience in infrastructure automation.
Practice in technical expert workshops and/or technical customer consulting.
Cloud-Native Architecture & Kubernetes Expertise: Deep understanding of Kubernetes, container orchestration, Open Telekom Cloud CCE (Cloud Container Engines), and related ecosystems, including new features, multi-cluster management, and Service Mesh solutions.
DevOps/GitOps & Automation: Experience in implementing CI/CD pipelines, automating infrastructure provisioning (e.g., Terraform, Helm, ArgoCD), and integrating GitOps practices for deployment and operations.
Solution Consulting & Customer Engagement: Strong consulting skills to advise diverse customers on their cloud workloads, provide neutral architecture guidance, and support critical or must-win customer situations.
Toolchain & Ecosystem Development: Capabilities in building, enhancing, and maintaining open-source and proprietary tools (e.g., ProjectFactory modules, monitoring exporters, authentication helpers, certificate automation).
Collaborative Project Leadership: Skill in cross-team cooperation, driving joint projects, and coordinating between multiple stakeholders across regions and customer segments
Have high level of customer orientation.
Have mentoring and presentation skills.
Have fluency in written and spoken English.
You will be working in the European Union to meet our customers' data security and privacy requirements.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Dana Dráčová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5237017
Dátum zverejnenia:
18.2.2026
2026-02-18
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
IT Architect
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month