SW Architect
Enitech s. r. o.
Place of work
Graz, Austria (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
03/2026
Wage (gross)
4 000 - 5 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
- Communicator and multiplier of the company-wide IT strategy
- Collaboration with the development team to understand technical requirements and develop and improve customized, innovative solutions.
- Moderation and active participation in technical discussions and facilitating decisions regarding software architecture and software development.
- Evaluation of system requirements, development and presentation of architectural proposals. Documentation of architectural decisions made.
- Identification of weaknesses and risks in the software architecture and development of risk mitigation strategies.
- Knowledge transfer through personal coaching and training on technologies relevant to the target architecture.
- Exchange with architects within the Group
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Information technology
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
German - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
- Several years of professional experience as an IT architect and experience with visualization using Archimate and UML
- Experience in software development (Java/Spring, Angular, Maven, container technologies, databases) as well as in modern architecture and design patterns
- Strong communication, presentation, and organizational skills
- High analytical thinking, strong problem-solving skills, and a team-oriented personality
- Knowledge of Spring Boot, Angular, QT, ActiveMQ, Kafka, Maven, Git, SonarQube, and containerization technologies is an advantage
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Enitech s.r.o., a member of the Dupres Group, was founded in 2010. We are an engineering firm providing services in the field of engineering and information technology.
The main activities of the company are IT consulting, outsourcing, information technology development and design services, targeting customers in the most dynamically developing sectors of the economy, such as automotive and aerospace, engineering, banking and telecommunications.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lucia Hollá
Tel.:
00421 905 540 764
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5238100
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.2.2026
2026-02-20
lokalita:
Austria
Pozícia:
IT Architect
Spoločnosť:
Enitech s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 000 EUR/month