About Us
Benefits
Open positions
Intelligent Automation Developer
Place of work
Plynárenská, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 933 EUR/month
*By legal requirement we are providing the information about the basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised position. Based on your experience/profile, the final financial conditions will be the subject to discuss and negotiate at the personal interview, however, not less than above mentioned minimum salary component.
About the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are part of the ING Hubs organization which consists of servicing hubs around the globe. Our vision is to centralize the processing activities of ING to these servicing hubs to help harmonize and standardize products and processes in order to give an outstanding and differentiating client experience to all clients of ING worldwide.
To support this growth and harmonization we are now looking to expand our Intelligent Automation team in Bratislava. The mission of the team is to accelerate the identification, analysis and execution of intelligent automation activities, while delivering efficiency, consistency and quality improvements to our wholesale banking operations worldwide.
As an Intelligent Automation Engineer, you will play a key role in designing, developing, and deploying automation & AI solutions to drive operational excellence across ING’s global wholesale banking operations. You will collaborate closely with business analysts, stakeholders, and other engineers to deliver scalable, high-quality automation & AI solutions.
Responsibilities:
Design and develop intelligent automation solutions by primarily using Python. Based on personal interest and/or business need, other related automation and AI technologies might also be used in solution delivery, such as ABBYY Vantage and MS PowerPlatform. (Power Automate, PowerApps, PowerBI)
Design and develop AI solutions by primarily using MS Copilot and MS Copilot Studio.
Collaborate with business analysts and stakeholders to translate business requirements into robust technical solutions.
Collaborate with tech leads to align on technical solution design and QA testing.
Ensure automation solutions are efficiently and effectively implemented by proactively reviewing and recommending changes to overall operating model.
Contribute to the creation and maintenance of technical documentation, including solution design documents and user guidelines.
Promote best practices in automation development, code quality, and QA testing.
Stay up-to-date with the latest advancements in AI, automation, and related technologies.
Support and consult within Citizen Led Automation training program.
Requirements and skills:
3+ years of  proven hands-on experience in Python-based development, preferably in intelligent automation and/or AI projects.
3+ years of hands-on experience and proven understanding on AI technologies and solution delivery using MS Copilot and MS Copilot Studio.
(Nice-to-have) Experience with intelligent document processing (IDP) and/or natural language processing (NLP) and/or machine learning (ML) and/or SQL.
Familiarity with process automation & AI delivery frameworks.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.
Familiarity with agile methodologies.
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills.
Excellent communication skills and ability to work collaboratively with stakeholders and in cross-functional teams.
Service-oriented mindset and passion for innovation.
Entrepreneurial work style, in which you sometimes step “outside the walls” to get the job done.
Fluent in English.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
Python - Advanced
Machine learning - Skillful
AI - artificial intelligence - Skillful
SQL - Advanced
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
We offer you a bunch of great benefits
Friendly working environment
You build your own working day - flexible working hours and work from home
Daily working time: 7hrs 45min instead of standard 8hrs
Daily refreshments - coffee, fruits, drinks
Fully equipped gym accessible 24 hours / 7 days per week
Game room with unlimited access
Modern designed coffee corner and terrace with the grill spot
WellbeING
Sick leave compensation: up to 80% of the monthly salary
Life insurance contribution: up to 22,14 EUR/per month
3rd pillar contribution: up to 3% from your monthly salary
24/7 external mental health support
Learning opportunities: internal and external learning programs
Regular teambuildings, social events and communities
YOU/family/friends time
Extra 3 PERSONAL days per year
Extra vacation days: up to 10 extra days/per year
We welcome your
ING
-positive friends: referrals starting from 1000 EUR
150€ for childbirth/adoption bonus, wedding day and registered partnership contributions, work anniversary award
Our premises are open 24/7 and you can even bring your friends or family along (up to 2 friends to the gym and game room)
Extra perks
Yearly bonus based on your performance and company’s results
Cafeteria points: 50€/month (600€/year) - Multisport card, Alza, Zalando, Cinema City, etc.
Green benefit – reimbursement for eco-friendly products or services up to 300 €
Home office contribution: 20 EUR/per month
Discounts from our and your favorite stores: up to 30%
Warm welcome package for your fresh start
Pet friendly office
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
ING is a global financial institution of Dutch origin offering banking and asset management to over 60 million private, corporate and institutional clients over 50 countries. With a diverse workforce of over 50,000 people, ING comprises a broad spectrum of prominent companies that increasingly serve their clients under the ING brand.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: ING Hubs Slovakia, HR team
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5238957
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.2.2026
2026-02-23
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
ING Hubs Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 933 EUR/month