Junior Software Developer (Full-stack or Backend)
IT-Impulse s. r. o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
uppon agreement
Wage (gross)
From 1 500 EUR/month
Final salary depends on the skills and experience of the candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We’re looking for enthusiastic Software Engineers with
1-3 years of experience
to join our team. You’ll play a key role in building and enhancing our web applications and supporting systems using a modern Microsoft tech stack.
This is a fantastic opportunity to grow your skills while contributing to the development of high-quality, scalable, and maintainable software.
Your tasks:
To contribute to the design, development, and maintenance of the web applications.
Developer will work across the technology stack, from database through to front-end, contributing to high-quality, accessible software that supports customer success and aligns with architectural standards.
Key Responsibilities:
Assist in the development and maintenance of web applications using .NET (C#) Web API, Angular (TypeScript), and SQL Server.
Work collaboratively with senior developers, architects and product teams  to deliver high-quality software
Implement new features, fix defects under guidance contributing to the continuous improvement of the existing applications
Ensure all deliverables conform to accessibility (WCAG) and internal coding standards and are responsive by default
Write clear, maintainable code and participate in peer reviews to learn and apply best practices
Support the creation and maintenance of technical documentation as part of development activities.
Write unit, integration and automation tests as required by policy
Maintain key technical documentation
Employee perks, benefits
​- Familiarity of a small sized firm and security and possibilities of a large company
​- +5 extra days of vacation
​- 3 sick days per month
​- Contribution to 3rd pillar (individual pension savings) 1 - 2,5%
​- Cafeteria bonus
​- Employee referral program (up to 5.000 EUR per referral)
​- Yearly performance and salary review
​- Jubilee gifts
​- Flexible working hours
​- Free language courses during working hours
​Benefits available on-site:
​- Comfortable and healthy work environment in a newly built, air-conditioned office space (5-7 workstations per office)
​- Free bicycle garage
​- Free parking space
​- Free kindergarten during school holidays at the workplace
​- Fruit days
​- Stocked kitchen with free drinks (freshly roasted coffee)
​- Massages
​- Monthly breakfast club​
Information about the selection process
We reserve the right to contact only those candidates who meet the requirements.
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
A leading supplier of software solutions for the UK social housing market.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Information technology
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
C# - Skillful
.NET - Skillful
Angular 10 - Skillful
SQL - Skillful
Number of years of experience
1
Personality requirements and skills
Required:
Experience in .NET (C#) and Web API development (at least 1 year)
In case of Full-stack experience in Angular (TypeScript) (at least 1 year)
Experience in development against an SQL Server database. Ability to write and maintain T-SQL.
Experience of working with interoperability standards for web communications
Understanding of accessibility and responsive design standards
Fluent English language - daily communication with the UK team
Desirable:
Experience with CSLA framework
Familiarity with Azure or AWS
Experience with unit testing and automation frameworks, Selenium and SpecFlow.
Exposure to DevOps pipelines
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
IT-Impulse is the Software Engineering division of the international company JobImpulse GmbH with more than 9000 employees in 51 locations in 12 countries and acts as an intermediary between the IT software development department and highly qualified IT specialists on the job market.
The Slovak branch in Košice in its headquarters with over 60 employees is looking for new colleagues for existing as well as newly created customer-dedicated teams.
http://www.it-impulse.net
https://www.facebook.com/ITImpulseSlovakia/
https://www.instagram.com/it_impulse/
https://www.linkedin.com/company/it-impulse/
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Tatiana Zabó
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5238399
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.2.2026
2026-02-20
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
,
Backend developer
,
C# Programmer
,
Frontend developer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
IT-Impulse s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month