About us
Open positions
Benefits
Contact
Senior Analyst Market Intelligence
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary *
From 2 000 EUR/month
Contract type
full-time
* Of course, an overpayment is possible depending on the respective training, qualification and professional experience. The gross salary is based on these aforementioned criteria and is finally determined after the personal interview.
Henkel operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in two exciting business areas: Consumer Brands (Laundry & Home Care and Beauty Care) and Adhesive Technologies. Our success is built on constant innovation and people who strive for excellence. Working at Henkel is much more than just a job. It's a passion. Have you got what it takes?
Your role
As a Sr Analyst Market Intelligence, you will be responsible for competitor reporting and market analysis for Adhesive Technologies, using Excel and Power BI. You will contribute directly to supporting data-driven decision-making by turning market signals into executive‑ready recommendations.
Monitor the competitive landscape, report on competitor developments and communicate insights that inform strategic decision-making
Operate and further develop our market intelligence tools, data assets, dashboards, and processes to raise coverage, accuracy, and speed of insight generation
Use AI as a key lever to accelerate workflows
Proactively drive improvements that deliver impact to stakeholders
Respond to ad‑hoc requests with pragmatic, data‑driven answers
Manage stakeholder relationships and deliver findings to senior management
Your skills
Bachelor’s or master’s degree in business administration, economics, or similar fields of study
2+ years of relevant experience in Market Intelligence, Strategy, or Controlling, or related field
Highly skilled in Excel (advanced formulas, functions and pivot tables)
Proficiency in Power BI (including building dashboards in DAX)
Detail-orientation with strong time management skills, capability of setting priorities and meeting deadlines under pressure
Fluency in English (min. B2 level)
Confident communicator and stakeholder manager
Collaborative, proactive “can‑do” mindset, willingness to learn
PLEASE SEND YOUR CV IN ENGLISH
Benefits we offer
Flexible work scheme with flexible hours, hybrid work model and up to 30 days per year for remote work abroad
Diverse national and international growth opportunities
Globally applicable well-being standards, including health and preventive care programs
Gender-neutral parental leave for a minimum of 8 weeks
Employee Share Plan with voluntary investment and Henkel matching shares
13th salary, incentives
Cafeteria benefit system, Multisport card
Henkel shop and Henkel nursery school
Extra paid days off for special life situations, referral and relocation bonus
#HenkelSlovensko
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5238137
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.2.2026
2026-02-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
IT Analyst
,
Marketing Analyst
,
Marketing Specialist
,
Reporting Specialist
Spoločnosť:
HENKEL SLOVENSKO, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month