About us
Open positions
Benefits
Contact
E-Commerce Operations Coordinator with German language
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary *
From 1 500 EUR/month
Contract type
full-time
* Of course, an overpayment is possible depending on the respective training, qualification and professional experience. The gross salary is based on these aforementioned criteria and is finally determined after the personal interview.
Henkel operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in two exciting business areas: Consumer Brands (Laundry & Home Care and Beauty Care) and Adhesive Technologies. Our success is built on constant innovation and people who strive for excellence. Working at Henkel is much more than just a job. It's a passion. Have you got what it takes?
Your role
Handle daily operations for Amazon Germany (reporting, purchase orders, listings, invoices, and issue resolution).
Manage invoices end to end, including tracking, verification, booking, and coordination with Finance.
Create and maintain Amazon listing templates and support product content setup.
Resolve review-related issues and help generate product review links.
Monitor and report on product page quality and fix content issues.
Upload files and images to the internal asset system and ensure correct metadata.
Your skills
Fluent in English and German (B2), with strong written and verbal communication skills for international and local stakeholders.
Strong analytical expertise with advanced Excel (pivot tables, VLOOKUP, data analysis).
Experience with invoice booking and financial tools is an advantage.
Highly proactive, with a continuous improvement mindset and focus on automation.
Independent, reliable, and well-organized, able to manage multiple tools, platforms, and stakeholders.
Detail-oriented professional with a strong learning and ownership mindset.
Benefits we offer
Flexible work scheme with flexible hours, hybrid work model and up to 30 days per year for remote work abroad
Diverse national and international growth opportunities
Globally applicable well-being standards, including health and preventive care programs
Gender-neutral parental leave for a minimum of 8 weeks
Employee Share Plan with voluntary investment and Henkel matching shares
13th salary, incentives
Cafeteria benefit system, Multisport card
Henkel shop and Henkel nursery school
Extra paid days off for special events, referral and relocation bonus
#HenkelSlovensko
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5238534
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.2.2026
2026-02-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Database Analyst
,
Marketing Analyst
,
Marketing Officer
,
Marketing Specialist
Spoločnosť:
HENKEL SLOVENSKO, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month