IT Cyber & Risk Consultant (ServiceNow)
Devoteam, s.r.o.
Place of work
Plynárenská 7, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/month
The salary for this position will be determined based on the level of seniority of the individual candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Looking to take your
IT security consulting career to the next level?
Our ServiceNow Cyber & Risk team
is seeking a
Consultant with an innovative, can-do attitude and a passion for making a difference
. You'll be based in our Prague office and work with global companies from across Europe.
With us, you'll have the chance to do the job of your dreams - the one you didn't even know you wanted yet. Here's what you can expect:
Working on a variety of projects focused on advisory and implementation of Security Operations, Risk and Compliance using ServiceNow SecOps and IRM product suites.
Collaborating closely with clients to analyze business requirements and develop effective security solutions.
Acting as Subject Matter Expert, Designing processes, implementing, and integrating solutions such as using ServiceNow for Security Incident Management, Vulnerability Response, Governance, Risk & Compliance, and Third Party Risk Management, Data Privacy, ESG, and more.
Working in an Agile environment, being supported by a team of bright individuals.
Being proactive, constantly learning, and coming up with new ideas for products and services.
Employee perks, benefits
Benefits and perks:
5 weeks of vacation per year
4 “My Days” per year
Flexible working hours (hybrid model)
Career Management, training and certifications in the best breed of technologies - focused on technical skills (ServiceNow, Google), Project Management methodology etc.
Udemy for business account
Meal allowance up to 1172€/year (5,12€/per day)
Cafeteria 48€/month (MultiSport Card available)
Phone tariff (unlimited calls, texts messages within the EU, 16GB of Internet)
Employee Referral Program
Sabbatical leave
Repurchase of hardware
Moreover, we offer:
Foreign business trips
Above standard working equipment
Company mobile phone (Android / iPhone)
Company laptop (Windows / macOS)
Coffee, tea, snacks and breakfasts in the office
Company events and teambuildings
Gifts for work anniversaries, promotion or childbirth
Friendly and open culture
And last but not least, you can rely on:
Transparent framework for career growth, reinforced by annual performance evaluations
Trust and autonomy, with no micro-management
Learning from senior colleagues and opportunities to collaborate with professionals from various industries
Opportunities to attend conferences to keep skills up-to-date
Working on a variety of projects for a broader range of experience
Adoption and utilization of evolving IT technologies
Usage of AI tools and access to elaborate, tailored AI training
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Personality requirements and skills
You will be a great fit for this role if you have…
3+ years of consulting or implementation work experience in the field of IT security, risk or compliance.
Knowledge of security trends and their application to address cyber security issues.
An understanding of security, risk, and privacy standards and frameworks such as ISO2700x family, NIST CSF, DORA, NIS2, GDPR, and others.
Analytical mindset and a can-do attitude.
Fluent English communication skills.
Soft skills such as communication and presentation.
Want to be head of the pack? We’d definitely welcome…
Experience with international security projects is an advantage.
Experience using/implementing ServiceNow IRM or SecOps is an advantage.
A degree in Information Technologies (ideally with a focus on cyber security) is an advantage.
Knowledge of the German language is an advantage.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Devoteam is an AI-driven tech consulting firm specialising in cloud platforms, cybersecurity, data, and sustainability.
Tech native for over 30 years, Devoteam guides businesses through sustainable digital transformation to deliver value.
With over 11,000 tech architects in more than 25 countries across Europe, the Middle East, and Africa, Devoteam is committed to using technology to serve people.
Devoteam has been a ServiceNow Elite Partner since 2019, and recipient of the 2025 Partner of the Year award.
Contact
Contact person: Františka Malučká
Tel.:
0901921405
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5239473
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.2.2026
2026-02-23
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Devoteam, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month