About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Junior Java & Python Developer (Student Role)
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
part-time
Wage (gross)
From 10 EUR/hour
The minimum gross base salary for this role is 10 EUR/ per hour. Our final offer to you will be set up fairly, considering the skills and experience that you bring to the Swiss Re Group.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you a tech-savvy student passionate about coding and eager to apply your skills in a real-world environment? Join our dynamic Quota Share Retro Squad as a Junior Developer where you'll gain hands-on experience with Java and Python while contributing to meaningful projects in a supportive international team. This part-time opportunity is perfect for students looking to build their career in software development while continuing their studies.
About the Role
As a Junior Java & Python Developer, you'll be immersed in a collaborative environment where you'll learn industry-standard technologies and methodologies while contributing to our migration from legacy systems to modern Python and Pyspark frameworks. This role offers exceptional learning opportunities with real responsibility.
Key Responsibilities
•	Design solutions in close cooperation with business/IT project leads, learning how to prepare technical designs
•	Develop software using Java, Python, and Pyspark, implementing solutions for complex technical and business problems
•	Ensure quality through testing practices and adherence to company standards for timely delivery
•	Collaborate with business stakeholders and other programming teams in an international environment
•	Experience all project phases and build expertise in software development technologies
•	Create documentation for technical solutions, data models, and implementations
•	Contribute to change management processes
•	Work closely with team members across different locations
Information about the selection process
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
Educational Specialization
Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
You're an enthusiastic student with a passion for technology and software development. You have a growth mindset and are eager to learn in a fast-paced environment. Your ability to think conceptually and adapt quickly will help you thrive in our collaborative team setting.
We are looking for candidates who meet these requirements:
•	Knowledge of Java or Python programming languages
•	Curiosity and willingness to constantly learn and improve
•	High level of abstraction, fast understanding and conceptual thinking
These are additional nice to haves:
•	Experience with Spring, Spring Boot, Docker, Maven, Gradle, or SQL
•	Familiarity with source control tools (SVN, GIT)
•	Knowledge of continuous integration and continuous delivery tools
•	Experience with automated testing or test-driven development
•	Experience with Agile development methodologies (e.g., Scrum, Kanban)
•	Flexibility and openness to new tasks with a mindset for continuous learning
If you don't have all of these skills but are eager to learn, we still encourage you to apply!
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Livia Pasztorova
Apply here
ID:
5239789
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.2.2026
2026-02-24
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Java Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
10 EUR/hour