DevOps Engineer
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovensko (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
2 700 EUR/month
+ monthly bonuses and annual bonuses.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are seeking a versatile DevOps Engineer to own and evolve our internal development ecosystem. This role is a unique blend of traditional systems administration (maintaining physical servers) and build automation in our software company. You will be the backbone of our development process, ensuring that our production build systems are stable, our CI/CD/releases are seamless.
Key Responsibilities
- Infrastructure Management: Maintain and optimise our physical server fleet (Linux and Windows) and manage our on-premise virtualisation and Docker environments used for testing.
- CI/CD Control and Management: Identify problems in CI/CD, liaison with developers or teams to ensure resolution of problems towards smooth CI/CD operation.
- CI/CD Development: Maintenance of our pipelines and configuration. We currently use Atlassian Bamboo and Gitlab, we plan for transition to a new system.
- Artifact & Version Control Management: Manage our Sonatype Nexus repositories, internal Git servers, and custom Git hooks to ensure code integrity and dependency management.
- Automation & Scripting: Write and maintain scripts (Python, Bash, PHP, JavaScript/TypeScript or PowerShell) to automate testing deployments, documentation generation, release workflows etc.
Employee perks, benefits
- Flexible working hours
- Opportunity to travel abroad
- Company events
- Fruit, cafeteria
- Attractive financial bonuses
Information about the selection process
Feel free to send your CV to rastislav.srnka@sourcefirstinternational.com
We always have several positions for IT Specialists not only in Slovakia and the Czech Republic, but also on foreign projects.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.12.2026
(there are still 310 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our client is a dynamic technology company specialising in advanced solutions.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT, Informačné technológie
Personality requirements and skills
Technical Requirements (skills you would need often):
- System administration of both Linux (Debian) and Windows systems. Basic network understanding, remote access (SSH, RDP).
- Experience with of CI/CD systems.
- Experience with Docker/Podman containerisation, development of of Docker files, Docker Compose files
- Scripting: Ability to write and maintainable code (e.g., Python, Bash, PHP, JavaScript/TypeScript).
Soft Skills:
- Problem-Solver: You enjoy "behind the scene" work and finding the root cause of infrastructure problems.
- Cooperation: You are able to communicate with various other people/teams (developers, ICT, testers) in order to resolve problems.
- Adaptive: You are comfortable moving between legacy systems and modern tools.
- Detail-Oriented: You understand that a broken build script or a misconfigured Git hook can stop an entire team's progress.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Rastislav Srnka
Tel.:
+421904823347
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5239071
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.2.2026
2026-02-23
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
DevOps Engineer
,
IT Consultant
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Systems Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month