HubSpot Product Owner & CRM Transformation Lead
BTCS Slovakia s. r. o.
Miesto práce
Bottova 1, Bratislava, Slovensko (Pozícia umožňuje občasnú prácu z domu)
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
Od 3 000 EUR/mesiac
The final salary depends on the individual experience and skills of the selected candidate.
Informácie o pracovnom mieste
Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednosti
Position Overview
You will own and shape our HubSpot ecosystem (Sales Hub & Service Hub) in a fast-growing Crypto Financial Services environment. This is a role where you both design the framework and ensure its execution.
This role combines strategic product ownership with hands-on CRM governance and administration. You will define the roadmap, drive CRM transformation initiatives, and ensure that HubSpot is scalable across the Bitcoin Suisse Group, compliant, and operationally excellent — from architecture to data quality to user enablement.
You are not just managing a tool — you are building and governing a business-critical system that supports the growth path globally.
What you can expect from this role is the opportunity to work in a dynamic environment where your position will be broad and highly involved. Communication between departments is fast and effective and you will have significant responsibility and autonomy for your work and contribution.
You will have the following responsibilities
You will be the business owner for HubSpot (mainly Service Hub and Sales Hub) and be responsible for managing and driving the development roadmap in collaboration with an external partner.
You take full ownership of HubSpot’s operational excellence. This includes defining and implementing a data management strategy (data quality, structure, lifecycle management, governance standards) as well as ensuring data integrity, consistency, and scalability. You own user management, workflows and other CRM automation logic.
E2E Project management from conceptualization, requirements definition to implementation (incl. training) and post-implementation control. Actively manage risks, project deliverables and milestones and provide appropriate project reporting and management updates.
Manage interfaces and dependencies to other projects, involved departments and external partners. Ensure proactive stakeholder management by means of appropriate stakeholder communication and effective collaboration.
Based on your project management experience, you will be involved in identifying potential savings, increasing efficiency, improving processes, and optimizing earnings.
What makes this role attractive
True ownership of the HubSpot ecosystem
Combination of strategy and hands-on execution
High visibility across departments and leadership
Opportunity to shape CRM architecture in a regulated, high-growth industry
Real impact on revenue, efficiency, and customer experience
Zamestnanecké výhody, benefity
​Exciting projects in the crypto space
Friendly and supportive team culture that relies on positivity
Flexible organization of your working hours
Home-office
Workation: Enjoy the flexibility of working across designated EU countries, with up to 20 days a year to combine work and travel
Multisport card
Yearly bonus
Informácie o výberovom konaní
Online Personal Interview
This call is about getting to know each other. We want to know more about your background, motivations and expectations and at the same time you can ask us your questions.
In-Person Interview
In the in-person interview, we go a bit deeper into and have a few tasks for you to learn more about your skills. You will also have the opportunity to get to know the team and the workplace.
We will contact only candidates, who fit our needs. By sending your CV, you agree with processing of your personal data.
Požiadavky na zamestnanca
Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelaním
stredoškolské s maturitou
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
vysokoškolské III. stupňa
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Stredne pokročilý (B2)
Ostatné znalosti
Microsoft Excel - Pokročilý
HubSpot - Pokročilý
Počet rokov praxe
5
Osobnostné predpoklady a zručnosti
Bachelor / Master degree in finance, Economics, or Business Information Technology
Experience in CRM governance, automation design, and data management
Strong hands-on expertise in HubSpot (Sales Hub & Service Hub required)
Proven track record in end-to-end project management
Ability to combine strategic thinking with operational execution
Experience in managing external implementation partners
Excellent stakeholder communication skills
Structured, analytical, and solution-oriented positive mindset
Self-driven, responsible, and enthusiastic team player
Excellent language skills in English, German is a plus
Experience in FinTech, Crypto, or Financial Services is nice to have
HubSpot certifications are a plus
Inzerujúca spoločnosť
Stručná charakteristika spoločnosti
Bitcoin Suisse is the Swiss crypto-native pioneer and trusted gateway to crypto asset investing. As a crypto broker, we operate across the most relevant crypto exchanges and provide brokerage, custody, staking and other crypto-related services at the forefront of technical innovation. We are as dedicated to our clients as we are passionate about cryptocurrencies and the underlying blockchain technology. We make things happen and have helped to shape the crypto and blockchain ecosystem in Switzerland as a driving force in the development of the ‘Crypto Valley’. Bitcoin Suisse is headquartered in Zug and targets (ultra-) high-net-worth individuals and institutional clients
Počet zamestnancov
250-499 zamestnancov
Kontakt
Kontaktná osoba: Lujza Petríková
E-mail:
poslať životopis
Reagovať na ponuku
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5239446
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.2.2026
2026-02-23
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
CRM špecialista
,
Produktový manažér v IT
Spoločnosť:
BTCS Slovakia s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/mesiac