Home
O Solar Turbines
Kariéra
Kontakt
Voľné pozície
EN
SK
Internship – Java Software Engineer (Part-Time)
Place of work
Poštová 18, Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
part-time
Wage (gross)
8 EUR/hour
Information about the position
Join Solar Turbines!
Are you looking to begin a career in IT or Software Engineering field?
Do you like learning technology and engineering solutions in teams of friends?
Can you commit to become one of us in Caterpillar’s Solar Turbines digital team?
We are looking for enthusiastic and motivated person, who have positive attitude, good communication skills and talent to learn about software development, testing, digital technologies and technology in general. With us, you would become part of Kosice, Slovakia based team, working with international teams in agile environment, responsible for full cycle software development of digital platforms for Solar Turbines and Caterpillar.
What will be your tasks?
As an Intern – Java Software Engineer you will learn how to become strong software engineer, specialist in Java technology. You will need to possess analytical, communication and time management skills and willingness to learn. You will contribute to the software development community delivering information technology components based on client or customer requirements. You will become part of the team responsible for developing Solar Turbines’ applications.
You will be responsible for:
Reviewing the requirement and design specifications
Developing of modern web applications
Developing new user-facing features
Design and implementation of web applications
Project and tasks reporting
Communication with team members
Reviewing the business requirements and design specifications
Who are we looking for?
Basic qualifications:
University student
Analytical thinking
Strong attention for detail
Excellent communication
Ability to learn and apply new knowledge quickly
Proactive approach
Knowledge of versioning tool (Git) and Java programming language
You communicate in Slovak and English (B2+)
Top candidates will also have:
Understanding of web technologies
Understanding of Agile methodology
Some experience with technologies & frameworks (Java, REST API, AWS/Cloud computing, Spring Boot, HTML & CSS, etc.)
Ability to query database (SQL)
Understanding version control or continues integration concept
Passion for technology and an eagerness to contribute to a team-oriented environment
Ability to adapt quickly to a complex environment
Pro-active thinking - being flexible and creative
Self-motivated mentality - individual with passion in latest technology trends.
Strong communication skills and the ability to collaborate with other team members.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Java - Skillful
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Solar Digital as Customer Service group of Solar Turbines is the global organization responsible for InSight Platform technology and the relentless innovation of the entire ecosystem, capabilities, and customer user experience. Solar Digital is obsessively customer-centric with a passion for cutting edge technology. With deep expertise in cyber-security, machine data acquisition, software development, product knowledge, analytics, and regional teams around the world, it is dedicated to deliver digital solutions for Customer success.
Main Mission is to provide world-class secure digital solutions for asset lifecycle management to ensure our customers success. Solar Digital is building better, smarter world through technology partnerships with its customers. Highest priority is to satisfy the customer through early and continuous delivery of valuable software and services.
Contact
Contact person: Victoria Petrenko
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5239325
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.2.2026
2026-02-23
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Solar Turbines Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
8 EUR/hour