IT Senior Administrator
Veľvyslanectvo USA
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Start date
April/May 2026
Wage (gross)
2 560 - 3 000 EUR/month
+ benefits + 13th month salary
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
​The U.S. Mission in Bratislava, Slovakia is seeking eligible and qualified applicants for the IT Administrator (Senior) in the Diplomatic Technology Office.​
The IT Administrator (Senior) is a key technical resource within Bratislava’s Diplomatic Technology team, providing advanced technical guidance and expertise in IT and network systems. The role involves managing and securing the network infrastructure while administering Information Technology (IT) systems to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of IT services. Key responsibilities include administering and optimizing both on-premises and cloud-based applications, IT hardware and network systems, supporting systems and network design and installation, and overseeing configuration and maintenance of network infrastructure. Provides technical support, offers technical guidance and expertise in troubleshooting and resolution, and mentors other Diplomatic Technology staff to strengthen their technical and problem-solving skills. Serves as an escalation point for critical technical issues, collaborating with cross-functional teams - including regional and Washington-based counterparts - to ensure seamless IT and network operations. Leads and participates in Diplomatic Technology initiatives, focusing on network design, optimization, and security, ensuring effective implementation.
Employee perks, benefits
13th month salary
annual performance bonus
supplemental health plan
supplemental retirement plan
life insurance
additional leave/holidays
meal allowances
Information about the selection process
All applications must be submitted through Electronic Recruitment Application (ERA) to be considered.
For more information on how to apply visit the Mission internet site
https://sk.usembassy.gov/jobs/
What to Expect Next:  Applicants who are invited to take a language or skills test, or who are selected for an interview will be contacted via email.  For further information:  the complete position description listing all of the duties, responsibilities, required qualifications, etc. may be obtained by contacting the Human Resources office, hrobratislava@state.gov.
Thank you for your application and your interest in working at the U.S. Mission in Bratislava.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Electrical Engineering, Library and Data Science/Analytics, or Audio/Visual Communications and Technology is required.
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
and
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
Experience in the position/sector
IT
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
EXPERIENCE:
A minimum of 5 years working experience in computer networking operations, network management or utilization of computer systems.​
​
KNOWLEDGE:
Computer Networking and Network Security:
Knowledge of network communications protocols (e.g., LAN, WAN, MAN, WLAN, WWAN), how traffic flows across the network (e.g., Transmission Control Protocol [TCP], Internet Protocol [IP]), the Open Systems Interconnection Model (OSI), and bandwidth management). Understanding of concepts, terminology, and operations of various communications media, including computer and telephone networks, satellite, fiber, and wireless technologies. Familiarity with telecommunications concepts (e.g., communication channels, systems link budgeting, spectral efficiency, multiplexing).  Knowledge of remote access technology concepts and systems.
Network Equipment and Server Administration:
Knowledge of capabilities and applications of network equipment, including routers, switches, firewalls, bridges, servers, transmission media, and related hardware. Understanding of server administration and systems engineering theories, concepts, and methods.
Risk Management & Privacy:
Knowledge of risk management processes, including methods for assessing and mitigating risks. Familiarity with systems management principles, models, and tools (e.g., end-to-end systems performance monitoring). Understanding of privacy principles used to manage risks related to the use, processing, storage, and transmission of data. Knowledge of measures or indicators of system performance and availability.
Cybersecurity Knowledge:
Familiarity with cybersecurity systems, principles, and threats, including the operational impacts of cybersecurity lapses. Knowledge of IT security principles and methods (e.g., firewalls, demilitarized zones, encryption). Understanding of network security architecture concepts, including topology, protocols, components, and defense-in-depth strategies. Knowledge of web filtering technologies and Virtual Private Network (VPN) security.
Cloud & Productivity Tools:
Familiarity with cloud-based technologies and office productivity suites such as Microsoft O365, Google Workspace, and OpenOffice.
IT Customer Service:
Knowledge of IT customer service methodologies to assist and guide users in software, hardware, applications, and utilities used on Department of State systems.
​
SKILLS AND ABILITIES:
​
Technical and problem solving
Demonstrated ability to provide Tier 2 support for information technology platforms and mobile devices. Skilled in assisting users with the full range of software, hardware, applications, and utilities employed on Department of State systems. Ability to analyze root causes of technical issues, apply troubleshooting techniques, and implement effective solutions. Possesses strong problem-solving. Ability to execute Operating System commands (i.e., ipconfig, netstat, dir, nbtstat) and utilize common network tools (i.e., ping, traceroute, nslookup).  Ability to operate network equipment including routers, switches, firewalls, bridges, servers, transmission media, and related hardware. Proficiency in office productivity suites such as Microsoft 365, Google Workspace, and OpenOffice.
Interpersonal skills
Ability to facilitate working with and managing people of different cultural background, language, technical knowledge, and seniority. Possess strong communication skills for personnel management and understand how to tailor information to internal and external audiences.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Veľvyslanectvo USA sa nachádza v Bratislave a je jediným ZÚ USA na Slovensku. Vzniklo v roku 1993 po rozdelení  Československa a vzniku samostatnej SR.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Katarína Vidová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5239800
Dátum zverejnenia:
25.2.2026
2026-02-25
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Veľvyslanectvo USA
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 560 EUR/month