Who we are
Company
Open Roles
13
Benefits
Early Talent
Back
Principal Digital Architect - Rental
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Start date & Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
5 500 EUR/month
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Who is CAT Digital? What do we do?
Big machines require big thinking. Are you looking for your next big challenge?
Cat® Digital is the digital and technology arm of Caterpillar Inc., leveraging the latest technologies to build industry leading digital solutions for our customers and dealers. With over one million connected assets worldwide, our teams use data, technology, advanced analytics, telematics, and AI capabilities to help our customers build a better world.
Working with a Fortune 100 leader, you can build your career on a global scale and take advantage of development opportunities with emerging technologies. We’ve created an inclusive environment for you to explore your passions, make an impact and do the work that really matters. Join Us.
Job Opportunity:
We are seeking talented individuals to join our team to help us grow our presence, organization, culture, which will drive our digital product development efforts. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies and collaborate with top professionals working on very high impact and visibility products. Don't miss this chance to join a newly forming presence and support digital innovation for a global leader in heavy machinery!
What will you do?
As a Principal Digital Architect at Cat Digital's Slovakian branch, you will have the opportunity to help build applications that will provide actionable insights across all Caterpillar businesses. You will be a part of fast moving and engineering driven digital organization with skilled engineers what will help you tackle challenges and problems that are critical to our business outcomes. You will be:
Developing detailed architecture deliverables to solve business problems.
Designing an application's technical infrastructure, such as specific databases, programming languages, utilities, and testing approaches.
Leading the evaluation and deployment of new technologies to add or enhance existing digital technical capabilities.
Participating in addressing business requirements for applications and collaborating with cross-functional teams to deliver digital solutions that meet business results.
This position works directly with Slovakia based engineering leadership and Cat Digital IT in the US
Employee perks, benefits
At Cat Digital, we are committed to fostering a culture of innovation and continuous learning, and we believe in investing in the development of our employees. As a member of our team, you will have access to a wide range of training and development opportunities, as well as very competitive compensation and benefits packages, like:
5 500+ euros / month gross
Performance related annual cash incentive
Industry leading Pension plan
5 days of extra vacation above the legislative requirement
Attractive Life insurance
1 Volunteering Day
Multisport Card
Take the chance to apply now for this position at Cat Digital Slovakia branch!
Information about the selection process
Please frequently check the email associated with your application, including the junk/spam folder, as this is the primary correspondence method. If you wish to know the status of your application – please use the candidate log-in on our career website as it will reflect any updates to your status.
Caterpillar is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws.
Caterpillar is committed to creating a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion, respect and integrity, customer focus, and innovation. For more information, visit https://www.caterpillar.com/en/careers/why-caterpillar.html
Follow us on LinkedIn, and YouTube.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
What you have:
Analytical Thinking, knowledge of techniques and tools that promote effective analysis:
Seeks discrepancies and inconsistencies in available information; explains variances.
Identifies many possible causes for a problem based on prior experience and current research.
Quantifies the costs, benefits, risks and chances for success before recommending a course of action.
Effective Communications, understanding of effective communication concepts, tools and techniques;
Adapts documents and presentations for the intended audience.
Employs appropriate methods of persuasion when soliciting agreement.
Maintains focus on the topic at hand.
Application Design, Architecture:
Creates and evaluates technical alternatives for complex applications.
Explores various, distinct and multiple technical application designs.
Prepares technical design documents and blueprints for applications.
Design microservice architectures and API ecosystems (OpenAPI, REST).
Own solution architecture for new products and migrations to cloud; guide decisions on data, application, and infrastructure layers.
Design Leadership :
Facilitates in application design reviews and walkthroughs.
Recommends improvements to the effectiveness and efficiency.
Guides developers on the techniques and approaches used in design processes.
Advises others on providing high quality deliverables to fully satisfy client needs
Requirements Analysis:
Plays an active or leading role in recording and storing requirement documents in various forms.
Ensures the successful completion of all major activities, tasks and deliverables pertaining to the requirement analysis stage.
Produces detailed technical requirements models and documentation.
Utilizes diagramming tools to ensure traceability of requirements.
Our tech stack:
Java 8+, Spring Boot, OpenAPI, Microservices
Docker, PostgreSQL, Elasticsearch, Grafana, Prometheus
JavaScript, Typescript, React
Azure, AWS
GitHub, CI/CD within GitHub Actions, Azure DevOps (Backlog, TestPlan)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Caterpillar
is a company of
builders
. Of
challenge breakers
. Of
innovators
who want to impact the world. Our people build and design the products and services that help
shape the communities
where we work and live.
We are building on our legacy and innovating for the next generation. One where
technology-enabled services
create improved outcomes for our people and the customers and communities we serve.
Our ability to innovate and build
begins with our people
. Our tech and digital teams are at the forefront of Caterpillar’s evolution – taking pride in
solving complex problems by building new systems
from the ground up.
On our team, you’ll
leverage data
from across our entire enterprise and
more than 1.5M connected assets
to solve problems and find solutions that open a new world of possibilities for our machines, our customers, our dealers and our business.
While the challenge is great, so is the opportunity. Working with a
Fortune 100 leader
, you can build your career
on a global scale
and take advantage of development opportunities with
emerging technologies
like telematics, data engineering, AI and machine learning, and predictive analytics.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Patricia Kundratova
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
If there is currently no open position suitable for you, please submit your e-mail address and preferences. If a new position (opened in the future) aligns with your qualifications and interests, you may be contacted about the opportunity.
Send CV
Poštová 18, 040 01 Košice
© 2025-2026 Caterpillar. All rights reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5240272
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.2.2026
2026-02-24
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Architect
Spoločnosť:
Caterpillar Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
5 500 EUR/month