Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Cloud Infrastructure & DevOps Architect with GER
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 050 - 3 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Join the team at Operational Services GmbH, within Deutsche Telekom Systems Solutions Slovakia, providing opportunities for German-speaking talents in Slovakia. OS is one of the leading ICT service providers in the German market and is considered the backbone of digitization in medium-sized companies. With almost 1,000 highly qualified employees, OS develops and operates the most modern IT systems for our customers, ensures long-term system support, and maintains the availability of critical business processes.
If you are looking forward to be a part of English / German speaking, new-technology-looking team player, our team would be the right home base for you.
What will you do?
In your role as a Senior Solution Architect, you will operate in a diverse environment and take on the following responsibilities:
Solution design: You are the contact person and consultant for the development of complex IT architectures and work closely with our customers and internal teams.
Cost estimation: You calculate costs for highly complex solutions and support you with budget planning.
System architecture: You design innovative and highly complex system architectures that define the future of our IT landscape.
Technology roadmap: You are responsible for the strategic development of this and support in its implementation.
Concepts: The creation of implementation and operating concepts rounds off your area of responsibility.
Customer support: You support our SDM with existing customers and contribute to the further development of customer solutions.
You will succeed if you:
Have several years of experience in the area of IT solution design, especially in projects with high complexity - preferably in the IT outsourcing environment.
Have in-depth knowledge of various products and technologies, such as networking, storage, VMware and operating systems.
Are characterized by a pronounced analytical, systematic and structured way of working.
Due to your excellent communication skills, you are also able to present information in an understandable manner and moderate meetings effectively.
Are a team player and can work well in cross-team work groups and task forces.
Speak
German
at least
B2
level and English at least B1 level
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
2 050 - 3 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Možná
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5240685
Dátum zverejnenia:
25.2.2026
2026-02-25
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Architect
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 050 EUR/month