About us
Open positions
Benefits
Contact
Product Data Coordinator
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Minimum salary *
From 1 600 EUR/month
Contract type
full-time
* Of course, an overpayment is possible depending on the respective training, qualification and professional experience. The gross salary is based on these aforementioned criteria and is finally determined after the personal interview.
Henkel operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in two exciting business areas: Consumer Brands (Laundry & Home Care and Beauty Care) and Adhesive Technologies. Our success is built on constant innovation and people who strive for excellence. Working at Henkel is much more than just a job. It's a passion. Have you got what it takes?
About the team
The Product Data Coordinator will be an important part of a team working on product data displayed on our customer facing channels such as websites and B2B eshop for Adhesives business unit (serving all segments Industrials, Consumers and Professionals). This person will be responsible for loading product data into PIM from small manual changes to big mass imports of data via Excel. This position involves also activation and deactivation of products on our websites, investigation in case text or image is not visible.

You will have a possibility to experience how product data flows in a big global company, see the complexity and how the systems are interconnected. You will have an opportunity to communicate with many stakeholders from web editing team to product managers, PIM Leads and AQC team which is responsible for data quality and user experience.
Your role
Product content update: Prepare mass import files for change of content like product descriptions, How To, FAQ section, product references or filters on websites.
Product activation with global impact: Activate and deactivate products for all Adhesives Sub Business Units for all countries and languages.
Final review of product page: Review of Product Detail Page after activation.
Problem solving: You will learn how different systems interact with each other, how fallback logic works in order to be able to solve different issues on Product Detail Page.
Product data cleanup: Check product data and communicate with Product managers in case product data are inaccurate.
International Collaboration: Work closely with AQC team, PIM Leads and product managers from many different countries.
Your skills
Language Skills: Fluency in English (verbal and written) is a must.
Experience: Experience in website / eshop and its product content tool is an advantage.
Technical Skills: Advanced knowledge of Excel is a must (vlookup, pivot). Macro is a plus.
Personal skills: Strong attention to detail, analytical thinking, problem solving, data driven and proactive attitude.
Teamwork: Ability to work both independently and as part of a team.
Benefits we offer
Flexible work scheme with flexible hours, hybrid work model and up to 30 days per year for remote work abroad
Diverse national and international growth opportunities
Globally applicable well-being standards, including health and preventive care programs
Gender-neutral parental leave for a minimum of 8 weeks
Employee Share Plan with voluntary investment and Henkel matching shares
13th salary, incentives
Cafeteria benefit system, Multisport card
Henkel shop and Henkel nursery school
Extra paid days off for special events, referral and relocation bonus
#HenkelSlovensko
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5240274
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.2.2026
2026-02-24
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Database Analyst
,
Marketing Analyst
,
Marketing Specialist
Spoločnosť:
HENKEL SLOVENSKO, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 600 EUR/month