Senior SAP FI/CO Consultant
DXC Technology
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 200 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About DXC Slovakia
We are DXC – a Fortune 500 global IT services leader.
We are among the largest IT employers, delivering the full spectrum of the company’s diverse technical portfolio. Our teams work across cutting-edge technologies, contributing to projects that span industries and geographies.
We foster continuous learning and professional growth, offering access to targeted training and certifications aligned with individual interests and career aspirations.
Our culture of collaboration, innovation, and shared values empowers professionals to grow and succeed.
About the role
We are looking for an enthusiastic and agile SAP FI/CO consultant. We need experience at Finance (FI) and Controlling (CO) both SAP ECC a S/4HANA. SAP FICO consultant is mainly responsible for designing, building and deploying SAP-based ERP solutions; leading analysis and design in the SAP FI/CO area in close cooperation with the client’s finance team. You will closely cooperate with SAP solution architect, other consultants, project manager and support team and your peers, of course, both on and off-site.
Daily challenges
Implement and support SAP S/4HANA Controlling (CO) modules for cost management and profitability analysis.
Work closely with Finance and Operations teams to design controlling structures.
Configure CO components such as Cost Centers, Profit Centers, Internal Orders, and Product Costing.
Support integration with FI and other SAP modules.
Prepare documentation and deliver training sessions for business users.
Collaborate with the central team to ensure consistency and adherence to global standards.
eXperience and skills required
Minimum 5+ years of experience in SAP Controlling.
At least 2 full-cycle SAP S/4HANA implementations.
Strong knowledge of controlling processes and reporting.
Ability to manage multi-country implementations.
Excellent analytical and communication skills.
Language: German is nice to have and considered an advantage; English proficiency required.
Employee perks, benefits
At DXC Technology, we don’t just offer jobs - we build careers. Here’s what you can look forward to when you join us:
Enjoy competitive compensation and grow your career in a fast-paced, international environment.
Employee Assistance Program.
Referral Program.
Learning Platforms and Programs.
Life insurance.
Opportunity to obtain a Multisport card.
Extra 3 vacation days
Discounts and special offers from selected vendors.
Public transportation allowance for physical/ hybrid work arrangement.
Benefit Plus system (exceptional amount to spend for various options – sports, books, activities, vouchers etc)
Sick days
Join meaningful initiatives that give back to the community and connect you with like-minded colleagues through fun and impactful experiences.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
or
German - Advanced (C1)
Experience in the position/sector
5+
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
With 1200+ employees DXC Technology Slovakia belongs to the biggest Slovak IT companies. DXC Technology is a Fortune 500 global IT services leader. Our more than 130,000 people in 70+ countries are entrusted by our customers to deliver what matters most.
We use the power of technology to deliver mission critical IT services across the Enterprise Technology Stack to drive business impact. DXC is an employer of choice with strong values, and fosters a culture of inclusion, belonging and corporate citizenship.
We are DXC.
Your career info : https://www.dxc.com/us/en/careers
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Lili Yankulova
Tel.:
+35924926207
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5240149
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.2.2026
2026-02-24
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
,
Service Technician
,
Technical Staff
Spoločnosť:
DXC Technology
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 200 EUR/month