AI Data Specialist
RWS Train AI
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
part-time, agreement-based (Temporary jobs)
Wage (gross)
5 - 6 EUR/hour
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for
AI
Data Specialists
to support the improvement of AI-generated content in
Slovak
, Czech, Russian, Hungarian OR Ukrainian.
Job Type:
Freelance
Location:
Work from home
Work Schedule:
Part-time - 10+ hours per week. Flexible - work whenever you want.
Start Date:
Immediately
Rate:
7 USD per hour (rates vary per country. If you are based elsewhere, the rates will be different)
Help Shape the Future of AI
Are you a student, recent graduate, stay-at-home parent, gig worker, or professional seeking flexible remote work? Are you interested in shaping the development and safety of today’s AI models?
What You’ll Do
The role involves performing diverse data-related tasks, including:
- Data collection, evaluation, and annotation.
- Pairwise comparisons.
- Counting tasks.
- Object tagging and labeling across different content types (audio, video, images, or collected data)
What we’re looking for:
- Native-level fluency in Slovak, Czech, Russian, Hungarian or Ukrainian
- English Proficiency:
Fluent or advanced proficiency in English (levels B2–C2)
- AI & Data Capabilities (Preferred):
Experience in one or more of the following areas: machine learning tasks, data collection and preprocessing, data evaluation and quality assurance, and data annotation and labeling.
Employee perks, benefits
What We Offer
- Flexible schedule
- Opportunity to earn extra income
- Timely payments
- The job is ideal for students, part-timers, or stay-at-home parents
Apply now!
Information about the selection process
Please apply for the job here https://jobs.lever.co/rws/e581ee4a-db1a-4de3-9fee-c2550f142557?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%5B%5D=profesia.sk
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary school student
Secondary without school-leaving examination
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
Czech - Proficiency (C2)
or
Hungarian - Proficiency (C2)
or
Slovak - Proficiency (C2)
or
Ukrainian - Proficiency (C2)
or
Russian - Proficiency (C2)
The position is suitable for a fresh graduate
Yes
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
We are a global AI solutions company empowering the world’s most trusted enterprise AI. Our proprietary Cultural Intelligence Layer, powered by 250,000 data specialists, cultural and language experts and deep domain professionals, backed by 45+ patents, makes enterprise AI culturally fluent, contextually accurate and secure, ensuring every interaction reflects a brand’s tone, context and customer values.
Trusted by 80+ of the world’s top 100 brands, we provide the confidence, governance and expertise organizations need to deploy AI safely, responsibly and at scale.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Plamena Todorova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5240998
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.2.2026
2026-02-26
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
AI Specialist
,
Data Analyst
Spoločnosť:
RWS Train AI
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
5 EUR/hour