Founding Growth Engineer
MediSearch
Place of work
Sky Park Bratislava, Čulenova, Old Town
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 200 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are hiring for a Founding Growth Engineer at MediSearch. This is an exciting opportunity to work on growth-related engineering in a fast-growing startup.
We will also consider people with no job experience. We require that you work at least 50% of your time in-person in Bratislava, Slovakia.
Company Description
MediSearch (YC S23) is a search engine for medical information. We provide direct answers to medical questions based on trustworthy sources using LLMs.
Role Description
This is a full-time role for a full-stack developer at MediSearch. You will own a significant part of our code for growth tracking and analytics. On top of this, you will also contribute to programmatic marketing strategies and product-led growth.
This is an in-person role, based in Bratislava, Slovakia, with some flexibility for remote work, but will require significant on-site involvement.
Qualifications
Proficiency in Python, React, Next.js
Strong motivation for working on challenging problems and in high-paced environments
Experience with different ad platforms is a bonus
Experience with marketing is a bonus
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary school student
Secondary without school-leaving examination
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
MediSearch is an AI search engine for medical information. We provide direct answers to medical questions based on trustworthy sources using LLMs. See https://medisearch.io.
Contact
Contact person: Michal Pandy
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5240371
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.2.2026
2026-02-24
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
MediSearch
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 200 EUR/month