SAP Experts
DXC Technology
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 500 EUR/month
We offer salary from 3.000 EUR/month. Salary can be higher depending on experience and skillset.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About DXC Slovakia
With 1200+ employees DXC Technology Slovakia belongs to the biggest Slovak IT companies. DXC Technology is a Fortune 500 global IT services leader. Our more than 130,000 people in 70+ countries are entrusted by our customers to deliver what matters most.
We use the power of technology to deliver mission critical IT services across the Enterprise Technology Stack to drive business impact. DXC is an employer of choice with strong values, and fosters a culture of inclusion, belonging and corporate citizenship.
We are DXC.
About the role
We are expanding our DXC Slovakia Team and reinforcing our SAP Practice, looking for colleagues to join our migration and implementation projects.
Consultants will work in a dynamic, international environment, closely collaborating with local teams and the central governance teams to deliver high-quality solutions.
We are waiting for your experience and positive energy!
We are looking for:
SAP CONSULTANTS (Functional experts across different modules including SD, MM/Ariba, EWM, PP, FI/CO, HCM, eCommerce Cloud, SAP Hybris)
SAP MIGRATION CONSULTANTS (Data maestros)
INTEGRATION EXPERTS (The glue that holds it all together)
BTP DEVELOPERS (Cloud innovators)
Daily challenges
Consulting, designing and implementing end-to-end process support within the SAP environment
Analyzing and optimizing different processes among SAP application environments
Leading workshops and creating functional and technical documentation
Collaborating closely with different Teams and Stakeholders
Supporting system and process integrations
Participating in project phases including testing, cutover, and hyper care
Coaching junior consultants and contributing to knowledge sharing
eXperience and skills required
​
3+ years of hands-on experience in any of SAP Consultant role,
Strong understanding of key SAP processes
Solid expertise in SAP, ideally in complex customer environments
Familiar with modern SAP architecture
Knowledge of ABAP is a plus
Excellent communication and consulting skills
Structured, solution-oriented, and self-driven working approach
High level of teamwork and enthusiasm for digital innovation
Employee perks, benefits
Company benefits
At DXC Technology, we don’t just offer jobs - we build careers. Here’s what you can look forward to when you join us:
Enjoy competitive compensation and grow your career in a fast-paced, international environment.
Employee Assistance Program.
Referral Program.
Learning Platforms and Programs.
Life insurance.
Opportunity to obtain a Multisport card.
Extra 3 vacation days
Discounts and special offers from selected vendors.
Public transportation allowance for physical/ hybrid work arrangement.
Benefit Plus system (exceptional amount to spend for various options – sports, books, activities, vouchers etc)
Sick days
Join meaningful initiatives that give back to the community and connect you with like-minded colleagues through fun and impactful experiences.
At DXC Technology, we believe strong connections and community are key to our success. Our work model prioritizes in-person collaboration while offering flexibility to support wellbeing, productivity, individual work styles, and life circumstances. We’re committed to fostering an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive.
We offer salary from 3.000 EUR/month. Salary can be higher depending on experience and skillset.
If you feel comfortable with the above-mentioned requirements, please send us your
CV in English.
Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted
.
DXC Technology stands for equal opportunities, namely, we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, disability, or sexual orientation.  All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience, and relevant business requirements.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
or
German - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
SAP Controlling module (CO) - Advanced
SAP FI - Advanced
SAP FI/CO - Advanced
SAP ABAP - Advanced
SAP Sales and Distribution (SD) - Advanced
SAP Materials Management (MM) - Advanced
SAP Ariba - Advanced
SAP Production Planning (PP) - Advanced
SAP Extended Warehouse Management (EWM) - Advanced
SAP Human Resource Management Systems (HRMS) - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
3+
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
With 1200+ employees DXC Technology Slovakia belongs to the biggest Slovak IT companies. DXC Technology is a Fortune 500 global IT services leader. Our more than 130,000 people in 70+ countries are entrusted by our customers to deliver what matters most.
We use the power of technology to deliver mission critical IT services across the Enterprise Technology Stack to drive business impact. DXC is an employer of choice with strong values, and fosters a culture of inclusion, belonging and corporate citizenship.
We are DXC.
Your career info : https://www.dxc.com/us/en/careers
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Lili Yankulova
Tel.:
+35924926207
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5240617
Dátum zverejnenia:
25.2.2026
2026-02-25
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Financial Advisor
,
HR Consultant
,
IT Consultant
,
Procurement specialist
,
Reporting Specialist
Spoločnosť:
DXC Technology
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month