ServiceNow developer
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
From 2 100 EUR/month
From 2100 + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join our team now at Siemens Healthineers as ServiceNow Developer
As an established, high-volume ServiceNow customer we are currently transforming the way we develop on our SENSE ServiceNow platform. Our vision is to build a high-performance environment primarily by speeding up the demand-to-production cycle time. If you are interested in being part of our journey you will have the opportunity to work on a highly complex and continuously growing ServiceNow cross-country implementation spanning across multiple platform products/modules which undergoes a world-class development modernization process.
Your responsibilities :
You will be part of an agile team delivering high-quality code and configurations
You will be assisting in building up performant, durable and robust solutions
You will be contributing to the continuous improvement of our development process
You will be acting upon learning opportunities provided by senior team members
You will ensure compliance to all applicable and not limited to Quality, Information Security and Data Privacy regulations
You will be actively keeping your existing certifications portfolio up to date and gradually expand it as part of your personal development journey
This position may suit you best, if you are self-driven, passionate about innovation an open person that thrives for service excellence by personal engagement, with an innovative, proactive customer & outcome-oriented mindset.
Hard Skills:
Study or vocational training in computer science or informatics
Previous experience with ServiceNow development and knowledge of JavaScript
Basic level of Now platform technical expertise across any Now product line (e.g. ITSM)
Soft Skills:
You feel comfortable to execute your work and communication in English language in an international and truly global team
You have a personal affinity to the digital world and modern cloud-based technology
You are a team player that enjoys working in a highly collaborative environment
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards
: starting from 2100 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of work from home & work from office(telework / homeoffice)
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Multisport Card – employer's contribution of 10 EUR
Recognition and Reward program
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5241961
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.2.2026
2026-02-27
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 100 EUR/month