Test Engineer
Multitude IT Labs (as part of Multitude Group)
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
2 400 EUR/month
The starting salary is 2.400 EUR gross monthly but will be higher if you are a senior candidate. Our final offer to you will be set up fairly, considering your skills and experience. 
Cooperation is possible in the form of a permanent employment contract (TPP) or a limited liability company (s.r.o.), but not as a self‑employed person (živnosť).
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As a Software Test Engineer, you will collaborate with cross-functional teams to define user stories and design solutions that meet the needs of our customers.
You will advocate for quality throughout the software development lifecycle, from requirements gathering to production deployment.
Responsibilities:
Review user stories and product specifications to understand functionality at a detailed level.
Test and automate tests for front-end web applications and cross-browser testing.
Collaborate with Product Owners, Business Analysts, and cross-functional teams to refine user stories and technical requirements.
Design and execute component, regression, and integration tests.
Monitor deployment status across test environments and troubleshoot any issues.
Stay informed about emerging software development and testing trends and technologies.
Ensure software meets quality, reliability, and performance standards.
Employee perks, benefits
We offer:
Job opportunity in a fast-growing, international fintech company with a lot of new ideas
Great working environment supporting technological innovation
Access to LinkedIn learning with over 8000 courses
Possibility to work from home and the office
4 sick days a year
Gym in the office and additional sporting options via MultiSport card
Healthy snacks and fresh fruits in the office as well as other office entertainment
Your assigned business laptop available for your free personal use, after the 5th-year equipment renewal policy
Complimentary professional psychological counselling services dedicated to promoting the overall well-being and mental health of our valued employees
Share purchase matching program up to 5% of your annual gross salary in each round (total of 10%of annual gross salary), currently offered bi-annually with matching 1:1 with a vesting period of 2 years from purchase
Opportunities for growth, the realization of one's ideas, and further training
We support trainings, certifications, and development internally and externally with individual approach based on your needs and requests.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
Requirements:
2+ years of experience in software testing.
Proficiency in English.
Strong scripting and tooling skills.
Agile mindset with proactive communication, critical thinking, and problem-solving abilities.
Familiarity with agile project tracking tools like Jira.
​
Nice to Have Experience:
​
Experienced with test automation and test data generation.
Experienced with Java, Python or JavaScript.
Familiarity with GIT and GitHub flow.
Knowledge of CI/CD tools.
Understanding of Docker and Kubernetes.
Experience with RabbitMQ and Kafka.
Exposure to fintech environments.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
At Multitude, we’re more than just a listed European FinTech company—we’re a team driving financial innovation. We provide digital lending and online banking services that empower consumers, SMEs, and FinTechs to grow and succeed.
Powered by our Growth Platform, we operate through three business units: Ferratum, offering seamless mobile banking for consumers; CapitalBox, providing flexible financing for SMEs; and Multitude Bank, supporting non-bank lenders and FinTechs.
In 2024, we achieved €263.7 million in revenue and €20.2 million in net profit, reflecting strong financial growth. With 700+ employees across 25 countries, we’re shaping the future of finance in 17 markets. Founded in 2005 in Finland, Multitude is listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (MULT).
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ladislav Kilian
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5241407
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.2.2026
2026-02-26
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Automation Test Engineer
,
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
Multitude IT Labs (as part of Multitude Group)
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 400 EUR/month