We're looking for Senior Design Project Manager
localhost s.r.o.
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 3 500 EUR/month
Final agreement depends on your skill-set and experience. This is the subject of a partnership agreement during the selection process.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are seeking a UX Project Manager to support our Product teams in implementing the UX process and fostering collaborative eﬀorts. The successful candidate will establish eﬃcient and eﬀective working practices among teams contributing to our products.
In this role, you will enhance the productivity of our UX Design teams by applying process improvements, facilitating UX and cross-functional teamwork, assisting with cross-product request prioritization, and progressing UX design work from strategy to implementation.
Key responsibilities
Design and facilitate processes to track and communicate progress across the program.
Define roles and responsibilities, facilitate decision-making, identify risks and challenges, and assist in resolving blockers.
Drive the overall system roadmap, helping teams define scope, deliverables, schedules, and coordinate release planning across multiple teams.
Create and promote processes for designers and engineers to adopt and contribute to the UX process.
Define and track KPIs to monitor the success of the UX process, finding innova ve ways to help teams connect with their objectives.
Enable continuous improvement during projects, ensuring insights are captured, shared, and integrated.
Provide operational strategy for complex problems associated with a growing organization and limited design resources.
Cotinuously communicate project status with team members, collaborators, and senior management.
Schedule and facilitate kickoﬀs, internal and cross-func onal design reviews, standups, retrospectives, and handoﬀs with engineering.
Lead or collaborate with the UX team in key project decisions, including requirements gathering, scheduling, resource alloca on, and coordination of teams and approval processes.
Uphold UX standards and best prac ces while iden fying areas for improvement.
Employee perks, benefits
​6 extra days off: 3x localhost days and 3x sick days
Referral bonus
Supporting your ideas
Benefit plus budget
Financial contribution to Pension plan
Multisport Card
Education support (certificates, courses, trainings)
Physiotherapist sessions once a week in the office
Bonuses at every smashing life events
Flexible working arrangements
Transparent approach and communication
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Experience in the position/sector
7
Personality requirements and skills
7+ years of experience as a UX/Design Producer, UX/Design Program Manager, Project Manager, or similar role in a product-focused organization.
Proven experience in project management roles working with design and engineering teams.
Experience working with large cross-functional teams (60+ members).
Experience leading UX projects utilizing various project management methodologies (Agile, Waterfall, etc.), with a preference for agile practices.
Proven ability to manage workflows, project plans, and drive execution.
Proficient knowledge of UX design processes, design thinking, and user-centered design approaches.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills and strong meeting facilitation abilities.
Ability to convey business needs through design objectives to key stakeholders.
Experience advocating for UX within groups of cross-functional collaborators.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Join the digital revolution with localhost!
We're not your average IT company. As a team of passionate tech experts based in Košice, we've spent the last decade empowering global and local brands alike.
Our 100+ strong team of engineers is committed to your success, constantly learning and adapting to bring you the most innovative solutions and state-of-the-art software. Whether you're a startup or an enterprise, we're your trusted partner.
Reach out today and let's shape your digital future together: info@localhost.company
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Patrik Polák
Tel.:
+421905595022
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5241229
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.2.2026
2026-02-26
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
,
IT Project Manager
,
Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
localhost s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month