Home
O Solar Turbines
Kariéra
Kontakt
Voľné pozície
EN
SK
Internship – DevOps Engineer (Part-Time)
Place of work
Poštová 18, Košice, Slovensko (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
part-time
Wage (gross)
8 EUR/hour
Information about the position
Join Solar Turbines!
Are you looking to begin a career in IT and DevOps?
Do you like learning technology and engineering solutions in teams of friends?
Can you commit to becoming one of us in Caterpillar’s Solar Turbines digital team?
We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated person with a positive attitude, strong communication skills, and the ability to learn about software development, testing, digital technologies, and technology in general. With us, you would become part of the Kosice, Slovakia-based team, working with international teams in an agile environment, responsible for full-cycle software development of digital platforms for Solar Turbines and Caterpillar.
What will be your tasks?
As an Intern – DevOps Engineer, you will learn how to become a strong software engineer, a specialist in the Development Operations field. You will need to possess analytical, communication, and time management skills, as well as a willingness to learn. You will contribute to the software development community by delivering information technology components that meet client or customer requirements. You will become part of the team responsible for Solar Turbines’ applications.
You will be responsible for:
Deployment applications and infrastructure
Application’s monitoring
Project and tasks reporting
Communication with team members and other development teams
Who are we looking for?
Basic qualifications:
University student
Analytical thinking
Strong attention to detail
Excellent communication
Ability to learn and apply new knowledge quickly
Proactive approach
Knowledge of versioning tool (Git) and Python programming language
You communicate in English (B2+)
Top candidates will also have:
IT Educational Specialization
Agile software methodology knowledge - SCRUM
CI/CD, Middleware (HTTPD, Tomcat)
AWS fundamentals, Cloud computing
Monitoring tools
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
DevOps - Skillful
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Solar Digital as Customer Service group of Solar Turbines is the global organization responsible for InSight Platform technology and the relentless innovation of the entire ecosystem, capabilities, and customer user experience. Solar Digital is obsessively customer-centric with a passion for cutting edge technology. With deep expertise in cyber-security, machine data acquisition, software development, product knowledge, analytics, and regional teams around the world, it is dedicated to deliver digital solutions for Customer success.
Main Mission is to provide world-class secure digital solutions for asset lifecycle management to ensure our customers success. Solar Digital is building better, smarter world through technology partnerships with its customers. Highest priority is to satisfy the customer through early and continuous delivery of valuable software and services.
Contact
Contact person: Victoria Petrenko
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5241006
Dátum zverejnenia:
25.2.2026
2026-02-25
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
DevOps Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Solar Turbines Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
8 EUR/hour