Internship opportunity: Software Business Intelligence Trainee in Software Asset Management team
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
internship, work experience
Wage (gross)
8 EUR/hour
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Internship opportunity: Software Business Intelligence Trainee in Global Software Asset Management team.
As a Trainee in the Global Software Asset Management team, you'll get hands-on experience with how our company uses software to run its operations. You'll help create and share reports, dashboards, and documents that turn data into useful insights. You'll also learn from experienced team members through mentoring and shadowing. This internship gives you the chance to explore different parts of a large company—like HR, IT, Finance, Procurement, and more—to help you discover your future career path.
Your role
As Software Business Intelligence Trainee, your main role would be to:
Research software products and publishers online and in company systems for normalization, price, editions, naming convention, use cases, features
Assist with the visual side of creating and maintaining reports and dashboards to display business intelligence on a high level
Assist with the visual side of creating and maintaining documentation such as presentations, how-to guides, knowledge bases, diagrams, workload tracking
Off-load team technical team members with non-automatable manual intensive but simple tasks such as deleting objects in GUI in bulk, retrieving sample files and logs, engaging with end-users for spot-checks and troubleshooting
Your skills & experience
We would like to give this opportunity to someone who is:
Currently enrolled in a Bachelor's or Master's program in Economics, Finance/Accounting, Marketing, Business administration, etc.
Good command of MS Excel (pivot tables, logical/lookup functions…)
Creative, open-minded, and proactive mindset
Comfortable collaborating within a diverse, international team
Familiar with basic Power BI functionality
Fluent in English at a minimum B2 level
Don’t wait until your studies end, start to gain the real experience now! We are looking forward to welcoming you at Zurich Insurance Slovakia.
Wage:
8 EUR/hour gross
Location:
Bratislava, Mýtna 48
(possibility of occasional home office)
Schedule
: Part-time
(20 hours/week on average)
Type of contract:
Agreement on Student Work
Duration:
1 year
with possibility to prolong for another year
Suitable only for students enrolled in
daily studying program at Slovak University
Expected date of completion of the selection process
27.3.2026
(there are still 27 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
Educational Specialization
Information Technology
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
Information Technology
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Zurich is a leading multi-line insurer that serves its customers in global and local markets. With about 60,000 employees it provides a wide range of property and casualty, life insurance products and services in more than 200 countries and territories. Zurich’s customers include individuals, small businesses, and mid-sized and large companies, as well as multinational corporations.
Zurich Slovakia is a Competence Center based in Bratislava and Kosice providing highly specialized services for Zurich's headquarter in Switzerland and all Zurich Business units around the globe. Our services are focusing on all types of actuarial services – Life and Non-life, pricing and reserving, on data science and engineering, risk management, business intelligence, information technology, software asset management as well as insurance network management and technical accounting. Our Competence Center employs around 400+ staff from 20+ different countries.
At Zurich Insurance, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Nikola Bilkova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5241091
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.2.2026
2026-02-26
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
8 EUR/hour