Home
O Solar Turbines
Kariéra
Kontakt
Voľné pozície
EN
SK
Software Engineer (Angular)
Place of work
Poštová 18, Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 500 EUR/month
Information about the position
Join Solar Turbines!
As a Software Engineer, you will contribute to the software development community in order to deliver information technology components for remote device hosted and edge software technology following specific needs and requirements.
The level of implication requires a contribution to be made toward a edge software data acquisition and storage within a micro-architecture design.
What will be your tasks?
The responsibilities of the successful candidates are to design, test and develop software solutions such as features, capabilities of platform and whole applications that meet client or customer requirements.
Competent to analyze the requirements.
Competent to design, test and develop the software components that meet defined requirements.
Able to use best coding practices (libraries, frameworks, APIs) and standard design patterns in software development.
Works directly on dedicated application/technical problem identification and resolution.
Competent to troubleshoot and maintain existing code base in order to fix bugs or address client or consumer concerns.
Leverage Agile practices during the whole software development lifecycle.
Collaborate with a team of software and test engineers, designers, and data scientists to optimize and iterate on software solutions.
Who are we looking for?
Basic qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree or relevant experience in Software engineering.
3 years or more of relevant industry experience.
3 years or more of experience with designing, developing, delivering, and maintaining large scale enterprise software applications.
3 years or more of software engineering experience – frontend developer (Angular 2+, HTML & CSS).
Strong understanding of Agile methodology.
You communicate in Slovak and English as well.
Top candidates will also have:
Ability to operate as individual contributor in a small team of developers during implementation of development activities.
Ability to diagnose and troubleshoot production application issues.
Ability to work independently with some degree of supervision.
Responsibility to conduct peer reviews.
Proficiency in Angular Forms (Template-driven and Reactive Forms)
Strong knowledge of TypeScript and its advanced features.
Experience with RxJs and reactive programming principles.
Proficiency with Git and version control workflows.
Experience with Sass/SCSS preprocessors for modular and maintainable styling.
Deploying software using CI/CD tools such as Jenkins, Azure Devops etc.
Some degree of Cloud experience.
Passion for technology and an eagerness to contribute to a team-oriented environment.
Ability to adapt quickly to a complex environment.
Proactive thinking - being flexible and creative.
Self-motivated mentality - individual with passion in latest technological trends.
Strong communication skills and the ability to collaborate with other team members.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Solar Digital as Customer Service group of Solar Turbines is the global organization responsible for InSight Platform technology and the relentless innovation of the entire ecosystem, capabilities, and customer user experience. Solar Digital is obsessively customer-centric with a passion for cutting edge technology. With deep expertise in cyber-security, machine data acquisition, software development, product knowledge, analytics, and regional teams around the world, it is dedicated to deliver digital solutions for Customer success.
Main Mission is to provide world-class secure digital solutions for asset lifecycle management to ensure our customers success. Solar Digital is building better, smarter world through technology partnerships with its customers. Highest priority is to satisfy the customer through early and continuous delivery of valuable software and services.
Contact
Contact person: Victoria Petrenko
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5241003
Dátum zverejnenia:
25.2.2026
2026-02-25
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Solar Turbines Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month