Who we are
Company
Open Roles
15
Benefits
Early Talent
Back
Student OPPORTUNITY – UX/UI Design & Research INTERNSHIP
Place of work
Košice
Start date & Contract type
part-time, internship, work experience
Wage (gross)
8 EUR/hour
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Big machines mean big technology. Are you looking for your next big challenge?
When you join Caterpillar, you're joining a global team who cares not just about the work we do – but also about each other.  We are the makers, problem solvers, and future world builders who are creating stronger, more sustainable communities. We don't just talk about progress and innovation here – we make it happen, with our customers, where we work and live. Together, we are building a better world, so we can all enjoy living in it.
Cat® Digital is the digital and technology arm of Caterpillar Inc., leveraging the latest technologies to build industry leading digital solutions for our customers and dealers. With over one million connected assets worldwide, our teams use data, technology, advanced analytics, telematics, and AI capabilities to help our customers build a better world.
Job Opportunity:
Cat Digital is expanding its intern program into Slovakia. We are seeking students with an interest in technology to join our team to help us establish and grow our presence, organization, and culture. As an intern, you will be exposed to cutting-edge technologies and have the opportunity to collaborate with top professionals working on very high impact and visibility products. Don't miss this chance to join and support digital innovation for a global leader in heavy machinery!
Internship Dates:
Monday, June 15th, until Friday, September 4th, (student part time contract)
After successful completion of the initial 12-week program, the best interns will have the opportunity to join our part time intern job and continue their career at Caterpillar.
What does a UX/UI Design & Research Internship offer?
Cat Digital is leading our industry with the utilization of data, analytics, innovation, digital channels and techniques to drive profit, create more efficient revenue growth, unlock new revenue streams, and provide more durable competitive advantages for the business through unexpectedly great experiences for our customers.
You’ll join a team with diverse project responsibilities and have valuable networking opportunities with all levels of Caterpillar employees. The internship is a 20-hour-per-week assignment lasting 12 weeks.
You can focus on building technical abilities in roles including:
UX/UI Design
UX Research
As a UX/UI Design Intern, you will bring a strong passion for creating intuitive, user-centered, and visually engaging digital experiences. You will collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to support the design and enhancement of web and mobile products, applying user-centered design and usability principles throughout the process. In this role, you will assist in creating wireframes, mockups, and prototypes that effectively communicate design concepts and interactions, while staying informed about current web trends and directions. You will leverage a variety of web-based information and technical tools to help apply modern design and development trends within the organization’s digital infrastructure.
As an UX Research Intern, you will contribute to a variety of user experience research activities, including user research and usability testing, to help inform and improve product design. You will support the collection and analysis of user data, gather qualitative and quantitative feedback, and translate insights into actionable recommendations that guide design iterations and enhance overall usability and product experience. In this role, you will apply knowledge of UX research methods, tools, and technologies to better understand user behaviors, needs, and attitudes, helping to drive informed, user-centered product development.
Employee perks, benefits
Work on real projects with real impact
Turn theory into practice
Learn from experienced mentors
Gain international team experience
Build skills that boost your CV
Open doors to future career opportunities
Information about the selection process
Additional Information:
If you are interested in applying for this position, please attach a copy of your resume in English.
Please frequently check the email associated with your application, including the junk/spam folder, as this is the primary correspondence method. If you wish to know the status of your application – please use the candidate log-in on our career website as it will reflect any updates to your status.
Caterpillar is committed to creating a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion, respect and integrity, customer focus, and innovation. For more information, visit https://www.caterpillar.com/en/careers/why-caterpillar.html
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Basic qualifications:
We prefer students in design or related area.​
English written and spoken (at least B2 level).
Nice to have:
Creativity – knowledge of the approaches, tools, and techniques for promoting creative, original thinking and ability to apply it to a variety of business situations.
Analytical thinking, willing to learn and develop, intellectual curiosity.
Strong attention to detail and basics of Figma.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Caterpillar
is a company of
builders
. Of
challenge breakers
. Of
innovators
who want to impact the world. Our people build and design the products and services that help
shape the communities
where we work and live.
We are building on our legacy and innovating for the next generation. One where
technology-enabled services
create improved outcomes for our people and the customers and communities we serve.
Our ability to innovate and build
begins with our people
. Our tech and digital teams are at the forefront of Caterpillar’s evolution – taking pride in
solving complex problems by building new systems
from the ground up.
On our team, you’ll
leverage data
from across our entire enterprise and
more than 1.5M connected assets
to solve problems and find solutions that open a new world of possibilities for our machines, our customers, our dealers and our business.
While the challenge is great, so is the opportunity. Working with a
Fortune 100 leader
, you can build your career
on a global scale
and take advantage of development opportunities with
emerging technologies
like telematics, data engineering, AI and machine learning, and predictive analytics.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Patricia Kundratova
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
If there is currently no open position suitable for you, please submit your e-mail address and preferences. If a new position (opened in the future) aligns with your qualifications and interests, you may be contacted about the opportunity.
Send CV
Poštová 18, 040 01 Košice
© 2025-2026 Caterpillar. All rights reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5241840
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.2.2026
2026-02-27
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Graphic Designer
,
Web Designer
Spoločnosť:
Caterpillar Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
8 EUR/hour