(Senior) Quantitative Developer - (all genders welcome)
5G Systems GmbH
Place of work
Wallnerstraße, Vienna, Austria (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
Flexible
Wage (gross)
From 6 300 EUR/month
APPLY ONLY VIA THIS LINK: 
https://talent.sage.hr/jobs/87680b5a-c434-49e2-9b7a-4ad6d73532cc

DO NOT APPLY VIA E-MAIL! 

Our offer to you looks like this:

* The unique chance to write iGaming history from Austria, more precisely from the heart of the city center of Vienna;

* Hybrid working model combining office & home-office days. We support & encourage our employees to embrace our hybrid working model. All the teams are expected to work from home & spend an average of three days a week in the office together;

* Fantastic celebrations- well, we mean Parties - such as Summer Party, Welcome Days, Project releases completion, Poker nights and of course, the X-Mas Party;

* Your Birthday is a Free-Day from the work. Make sure to celebrate it!

* Competitive annual base salary starting from €88.000,- up to €102.000,-adjustable to your level of experiences;

* Please note: this is a Vienna based role. Working permit for Austria is required in advance.This is not a remote job.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
This is us!
We are
5G Systems GmbH
- with an office in the heart of the city center of Vienna we aspire to craft, manage, and innovate
high transactional software solutions
for diverse gaming brands that drive multiple regulatory environments and products for the gaming industry, ensuring technical excellence, customer alignment, and continuous innovation.
5G Systems
is an
equal opportunity employer
. Here we
value diversity
and are committed to providing a professional environment of
mutual respect
to everyone regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, age, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws.
5G Systems
is
100% owned by Tipico
, Germany's market leader in sports betting, with offices around the world.
This is what you will be doing with us:
You will be working to build the leading provider of
highly scalable, event-driven software solutions
for Tipico's sport betting ecosystem. That's 5G!
More specific to this role is all about creating & implementing
automated trading system software solutions
for sports betting that leverage sophisticated statistical techniques & technologies:
Building and maintaining a set of
algorithms, quantitative strategies
, and
models
to improve trading margins;
Measure key metrics, design experiments, and
extract insights that guide strategy development
;
Build analytical frameworks & models
;
Develop tools, datasets, and pipelines that
make data more accessible & actionable
;
Lead end-to-end data projects -
from scoping the problem to delivering the solution.
Is this you?
Our Values:​
Master's or PhD degree
in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or equivalent experience;
A deep
passion for technology
, software development, and mathematics;
Proficiency in one or more
programming languages, including C++, Python & R;
Experience with some of the following areas:
Distributed Computing, Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, Platform Development, Networking, System Design, and/or Web Development;
Exceptional
quantitative & analytical skills
;
Strong grounding
in statistical methods, experimentation, and/or forecasting;
Deep know-how & experience in the Sports betting &
trading or financial trading
systems are advantages;
Fluency in English is mandatory. German is definitely an advantage;
Self-starter energy
with the ability to thrive in
fast-paced
&
ambiguous
environments.
Open Communication:
we believe in creating a space where everyone feels safe to share ideas, feedback, concerns, and questions—without fear of judgment. Transparency, honesty, and active listening are key to keeping communication open and respectful, so we can grow together, build trust, and support each other every step of the way.
Ownership:
we take full responsibility from ideation to execution and beyond. We proactively fix issues, drive improvements, and never wait for someone else to step in.
Humor:
it is how we work, connect, stay positive, and spark creativity. Good laughs keep our energy high, especially when things get tough.
Innovation:
it is at the heart of everything we do. We challenge boundaries and set new industry standards. By balancing creativity with purpose, we experiment boldly—because we're here to elevate the game. Always.
Teamwork:
when we come together as one team, magic happens. It’s all about trust, collaboration, having each other’s backs, and turning challenges into opportunities.
Employee perks, benefits
Our offer to you looks like this:
The
unique chance
to write iGaming history from Austria, more precisely from the heart of the city center of Vienna;
Hybrid working model
combining office & home-office days. We support & encourage our employees to embrace our hybrid working model. All the teams are expected to work from home & spend an average of
three days a week in the office together;
Fantastic celebrations
- well, we mean Parties - such as Summer Party, Welcome Days, Project releases completion, Poker nights and of course, the X-Mas Party;
Your
Birthday is a Free-Day
from the work. Make sure to celebrate it!
Competitive annual base salary starting from €88.000,- up to €102.000,-adjustable to your level of experiences;
Please note:
this is a Vienna based role
. Working permit for Austria is required in advance.
This is not a remote job.
Information about the selection process
APPLY ONLY VIA THIS LINK:
https://talent.sage.hr/jobs/87680b5a-c434-49e2-9b7a-4ad6d73532cc
DO NOT APPLY VIA E-MAIL!
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Data Science
Language skills
English - Proficiency (C2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
We are 5G Systems - with an office in the heart of the city center of Vienna we aspire to craft, manage, and innovate high transactional software solutions for diverse gaming brands that drive multiple regulatory environments and products for the gaming industry, ensuring technical excellence, customer alignment, and continuous innovation.
We build event-driven software solutions for Tipico's gaming ecosystem.
5G Systems is 100% owned by Tipico, the Germany’s market leader in sports betting, with offices across the world.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Marco Quege, MBA
Tel.:
+436642053995
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5241947
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.2.2026
2026-02-27
lokalita:
Austria
Pozícia:
C++ Programmer
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
,
Statistician
Spoločnosť:
5G Systems GmbH
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
6 300 EUR/month