IT Software Analyst
Multitude IT Labs (as part of Multitude Group)
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
3 300 EUR/month
The starting salary is 3.300 EUR gross/monthly but will be higher if you are a senior candidate. Our final offer to you will be set up fairly, considering your skills and experience.         
Cooperation is possible in the form of a permanent employment contract (TPP) or a limited liability company (s.r.o.), but not as a self‑employed person (živnosť).
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for talented Software Analyst to join our experienced international team.
​Responsibilities:
As an Analyst, you will be a member of one of the Multitude Tribe squads with guidance of Architecture & Analysis chapter.
You are a key person in our structure where business and IT are collaborating as one team to achieve a common goal and outcome.
You will work in close co-operation with the product owner of your area. While epics and user stories remain mainly product owner's responsibility, you will also have a key role in ensuring clarity and unambiguity of these definitions and creation of corresponding tasks for other team members if necessary.
Based on the inputs provided by business, IT or 3rd party vendors in the form of ideas, epic or user stories (or other form of collaboration) you will analyze possible alternatives and prepare a concept solution in-line with our current architecture.
You will design the solution from a functional and architectural point of view to make sure the product and IT solution adhere to our best practices. The level of implementation detail depends on the team agreement but being able to understand the technology and help your team members is always appreciated.
You will frequently collaborate with and coordinate other analysts, architects, product owners, business stakeholders, developers and testers in different teams and various 3rd party partners to understand the requirements and translate them into a suitable design solution.
You will develop and analyze functional, non-functional, and technical specifications (API specifications, sequence & BPMN diagrams) as an assignment for developers to build and implement technology solutions. You will also be assisting them during the development with questions and issues that have arisen.
You will collaborate with testers in your team to ensure testing efforts are aligned with specifications and if necessary, help them with tests and test scenarios as a true agile team member.
You will be responsible for the creation and maintenance of central documentation, together with the whole team.
Employee perks, benefits
We offer:
Job opportunity in a fast-growing, international fintech company with a lot of new ideas
Great working environment supporting technological innovation
Access to LinkedIn learning with over 8000 courses
Possibility to work from home and the office
4 sick days a year
MultiSport card
Healthy snacks and fresh fruits in the office as well as other office entertainment
Your assigned business laptop available for your free personal use, after the 5th-year equipment renewal policy
Complimentary professional psychological counselling services dedicated to promoting the overall well-being and mental health of our valued employees
Share purchase matching program up to 5% of your annual gross salary in each round (total of 10%of annual gross salary), currently offered bi-annually with matching 1:1 with a vesting period of 2 years from purchase
Opportunities for growth, the realization of one's ideas, and further training
We support trainings, certifications, and development internally and externally with individual approach based on your needs and requests.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
​Required skills & qualifications:
Strong analytical, problem-solving and communication skills. Ability to determine the needs on all sides.
Solid communication in English, considering also reading and writing skills.
Natural curiosity and eagerness to learn new things. Must be an IT passionate, able to think out of the box, willing to learn constantly even on his own
Adaptability and flexibility, in a frequently changing environment. Quick learner willing to improve their skills continuously
Strong team player skills and the ability to work harmoniously with diverse cultures.
Innovative and creative thinking.
Independence in solving problems but also knowing when to ask is a must.
Previous experience with business requirements, IT/Software design.
Passionate to learn new things in a complex environment.
Experience with ICT analytical tools and notations (UML, BPMN).
Technology knowledge (API design, JSON, SQL, Messaging, basics of programming…).
Active interest in innovations and new technology trends.
Experience working in an Agile environment or basic familiarity with Agile methodologies.
Understanding of source code is an advantage.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
At Multitude, we’re more than just a listed European FinTech company—we’re a team driving financial innovation. We provide digital lending and online banking services that empower consumers, SMEs, and FinTechs to grow and succeed.
Powered by our Growth Platform, we operate through three business units: Ferratum, offering seamless mobile banking for consumers; CapitalBox, providing flexible financing for SMEs; and Multitude Bank, supporting non-bank lenders and FinTechs.
In 2024, we achieved €263.7 million in revenue and €20.2 million in net profit, reflecting strong financial growth. With 700+ employees across 25 countries, we’re shaping the future of finance in 17 markets. Founded in 2005 in Finland, Multitude is listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (MULT).
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ladislav Kilian
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5241414
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.2.2026
2026-02-26
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Multitude IT Labs (as part of Multitude Group)
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 300 EUR/month