Data Engineer
Multitude IT Labs (as part of Multitude Group)
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
3 200 EUR/month
The salary range is 3.200 EUR - 5.200 EUR gross/monthly but will be higher if you are a senior candidate. Our final offer to you will be set up fairly, considering your skills and experience.
Cooperation is possible in the form of a permanent employment contract (TPP) or a limited liability company (s.r.o.), but not as a self‑employed person (živnosť).
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As a Data Engineer, you would be a part of data-centric activities at the enterprise level in the Company. You will be providing support to various members of the Data team with database design, data flow and analysis activities. You will play a key role in the development and deployment of innovative data platforms for advanced analytics and data processing. You will be taking part in data management activities such as analysing complex data elements and systems, data flow, dependencies, and relationships to ensure that they comply with the data governance program.
Your focus:
Perform ad-hoc analyses of data stored in the business’s MySQL/MS SQL databases and develop SQL code.
Understand business requirements, build and tune prototypes encapsulating advanced business logic
Analyse, prototype and develop data transformations and analytical calculations in Data warehouse and Data marts
Perform thorough testing and validation in order to support the accuracy of data transformations and data verification used in analytics.
Strive to ensure proper data governance and quality across the Data department and the business as a whole
Participate in data management activities such as analyse complex data elements and systems, data flow, dependencies, and relationships in order to contribute to conceptual physical and logical data models.
Provide support to the entire department for its data-centric needs.
Keep up with industry trends and best practices, advising on new and improved data engineering strategies that will drive departmental performance leading to overall improvement in data governance across the business, promoting informed decision-making, and ultimately improving overall business performance.
Employee perks, benefits
We offer:
At Multitude, we believe in empowering our employees to thrive personally and professionally. Here's what you can look forward to:
A Truly Global Workplace – work with professionals from 40+ nationalities, bringing diverse expertise, perspectives, and a collaborative international culture.
Hybrid & Flexible Work – we support work-life balance with remote work options and modern office spaces across Europe.
A Culture of Growth – we invest in your future, offering LinkedIn Learning, mentorship, and professional development programmes, including HiPo and leadership development initiatives to support career advancement.
Financial Growth Opportunities – benefit from our share purchase matching programme, allowing you to invest in your future with matched contributions and long-term financial rewards.
Workation Programme – work remotely from different countries for up to 2 months per year, experiencing new cultures while staying connected and productive.
Private Health Insurance – access comprehensive medical coverage to support your health.
Pension Insurance – secure your financial future with a fully funded pension scheme.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
Required skills & qualifications:
Must-to-have:
Good understanding of financial services and banking domain to be able to understand business requirements and propose solutions
Strong understanding of databases and data structures.
Strong analytical skills, ability to discuss and clarify business requirements
Fluent English, both written and verbal.
Proficiency in MS SQL server development (T-SQL):
design, build, and maintain operational and ETL pipelines
tune queries performance
experience with CLR Integration is an advantage
experience with Azure data tech stack is an advantage
Good self management and ability to meet agreed sprint goals based on prioritization discussed with delivery lead
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
At Multitude, we’re more than just a listed European FinTech company—we’re a team driving financial innovation. We provide digital lending and online banking services that empower consumers, SMEs, and FinTechs to grow and succeed.
Powered by our Growth Platform, we operate through three business units: Ferratum, offering seamless mobile banking for consumers; CapitalBox, providing flexible financing for SMEs; and Multitude Bank, supporting non-bank lenders and FinTechs.
In 2024, we achieved €263.7 million in revenue and €20.2 million in net profit, reflecting strong financial growth. With 700+ employees across 25 countries, we’re shaping the future of finance in 17 markets. Founded in 2005 in Finland, Multitude is listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (MULT).
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ladislav Kilian
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5241405
Dátum zverejnenia:
26.2.2026
2026-02-26
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Data Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Multitude IT Labs (as part of Multitude Group)
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 200 EUR/month