Development Program in Integration Competence Center – Junior EDI & AI Support Engineer (m/f)
cargo-partner SR, s.r.o.
Place of work
Kopčianska, Petržalka, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
1 300 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As a Junior EDI & AI Support Engineer in our Integration Competence Center, you will join a team that develops and supports company-wide integration solutions to enhance our IT landscape. You will be involved in fast and easy customer onboarding to our IT systems, as well as exploring the integration of AI tools into our processes.
As part of this dynamic team, you will gain hands-on experience with both standardized and custom integration solutions, from in-depth requirements analysis to technical implementation.
You will also have the opportunity to support the AI team by learning how to incorporate machine learning models into integration workflows and help optimize business processes.
Employee perks, benefits
Personal trainings, e-Learnings, co-financing of language courses
MultiSport card
Birthday holiday
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Personality requirements and skills
This position is ideal for a
final-year student
or someone who has recently completed their studies and is ready to start full-time work. A background in EDI, system integration, or AI-related technologies is beneficial but not required.
Personality requirements and skills:
Ongoing education (University, FH, or similar) in computer science, IT, business informatics, or a related field, with an intention to graduate soon
Basic knowledge of EDI or system integration (training will be provided)
Analytical thinking, attention to detail, and the ability to work autonomously
Team player with a proactive attitude and strong communication skills
Fluency in English, German is a plus, but not mandatory
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
For over 40 years, cargo-partner has flourished in the logistics industry, delivering unparalleled service to our clients worldwide. We have now embarked on another journey and to continue our commitment for excellence, we have now joined the Nippon Express Group which will now underpin all the values we constantly aspire to achieve, now becoming a top 5 global player. As an end to end info logistics provider, we pride ourselves on offering a comprehensive portfolio of air, sea, land transport, and warehousing services. With a unique focus on information technology and supply chain optimization, we empower businesses to thrive in today's fast-paced world.
Join our dynamic team, where innovation meets passion and every voice is valued. Embark on a journey where your skills are nurtured, creativity is celebrated, and together, we take pride in making a difference.
Discover more about our Mission & Vision. Dive into a world of endless opportunities and embark on the cargo-partner journey with us.
cargo-partner is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an environment where all employees feel valued and respected. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or any other legally protected characteristics. We welcome and encourage applications from all individuals, regardless of background.
Explore endless opportunities and leave your mark with us.
Ready to get things moving? Join our team!
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Joanna Aniol
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5242840
Dátum zverejnenia:
2.3.2026
2026-03-02
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
,
IT System Administrator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
cargo-partner SR, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 300 EUR/month