System Support Specialist
NeCaSo s. r. o.
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Start date
immediately
Wage (gross)
915 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you looking for new technological challenges, interesting projects, inspirational colleagues and an informal working environment?
We would like to strengthen our team and we are looking for new colleague who will be responsible for supporting and monitoring our system. You will work with databases, write SQL scripts, solve problems independently and participate in testing our systems. We expect a responsible approach and a willingness to learn new things. Let´s create cool products together!
Employee perks, benefits
• home-office possibility
• flexible working hours
• competitive salary with regular reviews
• conferences or other forms of education
• fruit, coffee, tea to keep your mind and body fresh
• team-buildings
• in case of sick leave we guarantee 100% of the salary for up to 4 weeks
• informal and relaxed working environment
• great team of professionals and cool people
Information about the selection process
We’ll be happy to meet you in person. Please send your CV to b.kubinova@necaso.com.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
and
Ukrainian - Advanced (C1)
and
Russian - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
- SQL basics
- Linux basics
- Scripting (Shell)
- PL/SQL
- experience with testing
We appreciate honesty, friendliness, positive attitude and independence.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
NeCaSo s.r.o. is a premium developer of software solutions for top land-based and online providers in the gaming industry.
Knowledge is our biggest asset.
Our company consists of highly experienced professionals developing software of the highest quality. Striving for continuous innovation, education and technical improvement is our natural desire.
Our mission is to deliver outstanding and on time quality results for our customers to improve their competitive edge, shape their ideas and bring them to life.
We are proud of designing and developing our games in-house. Our aim is to bring new quality into the existing market. We deliver a unique gaming experience with every new product. People want to play our games non stop!
We value quality, education, openness and enjoy dynamic and inspiring collaboration with our partners.
Contact
Contact person: Barbara Kubinová Bokesová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5242005
Dátum zverejnenia:
27.2.2026
2026-02-27
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
NeCaSo s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
915 EUR/month