IT Application Manager – for FPGA software development platform
Place of work
Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
2 400 EUR/month
+ VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As IT Application Manager for our applications, you will be part of the global Siemens Healthineers IT team working on FPGA software development platform. We are looking for a motivated IT Application Manager to closely co-operate with the Product Owner, Business stakeholders and vendors on managing a Linux-based software development platform for FPGA development. This is an IT service management position and basic understanding of Linux/FPGA environments is preferred.
This role covers maternity leave
and gives you the chance to join our team and make an impact from day one.
Task and Responsibilities:
End-to-end owner of one or more Linux based IT Applications working closely with both the business and the internal IT service teams. The Application Manager is responsible for ensuring the services provided meet client requirements and operate sufficiently
Up-to-date knowledge of IT Quality system requirements and implementation of these requirements in Quality relevant project documentation
Act as counterpart for all incoming audits and understand quality and security relevant aspects for the successful assessment
Ensure compliance of all IT services with the legal framework
Maintain policies, standards and procedures to ensure demonstrable quality control
Evaluate service-specific new requirements and its impact on the existing processes/landscape, design and execute necessary changes
Consults and supports the implementation of new or changed services for increased business productivity, including the discussion, analysis and acceptance of demand and supporting the planning for the development and implementation of service changes
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
information technology, computer science or in a related field
Personality requirements and skills
Preferred technical Skills:
You are also experienced in one or more of the following areas - IT Service Management, Linux technologies, Agile frameworks, etc.
Experience with software development methodologies
ITIL certification is a plus
Non-Technical Skills:
With your analytical and structured approach, you support the Product Owner for the product backlog with global requirements and their interdependencies
You have high customer orientation and analytical skills which both helps you to identify, discuss, and clarify product requirements together with the global stakeholders
You are a team player and your ability to discuss relevant business topics in English are the basis for efficient and appropriate communication with colleagues and partners around the globe
German language is welcome
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards
: starting from 2400EUR brutto /month + VAR*
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of telework and work from office
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Who we are:
We are a team of more than 71,000 highly dedicated Healthineers in more than 70 countries. As a leader in medical technology, we constantly push the boundaries to create better outcomes and experiences for patients, no matter where they live or what health issues they are facing. Our portfolio is crucial for clinical decision-making and treatment pathways.
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably.
Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
We care about your data privacy and take compliance with GDPR as well as other data protection legislation seriously. For this reason, we ask you not to send us your CV or resume by email. Please create a profile within our talent community and subscribe to personalized job alert that will keep you posted about new opportunities.
To all recruitment agencies:
Siemens Healthineers' recruitment is internally managed, with external support permitted only when a qualified supplier has established a formal contract with us. Unsolicited candidate submissions and referrals, absent a current supplier contract, do not establish consent and are ineligible for fees. We delete and destroy unsolicited information, thus, would recommend you refrain from any such practices. Your adherence to our policies is appreciated.
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5243901
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.3.2026
2026-03-03
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
IT Manager
,
IT System Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 400 EUR/month