System Engineering Teamleader
IEE Sensing Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Bahýľova 1658, Barca, Slovakia, Košice (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
2 100 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Lead all technical aspects of the project from   startup phase to final release (and launch +3 months if applicable)
Create, review, manage and discuss with the   customer or supplier the specifications, engineering plans and timing.
Lead design FMEA and field FMEA.
Order material, technical documentation and   products which are needed for or may help the current development activities.
Review and release design of capacitive sensors   towards customer and internal specification.
Coordinate the introduction of capacitive sensor   designs into production.
Review and release calibrations of capacitive   systems towards customer and internal specification.
Release and support of end tests design at seat   manufacturer for capacitive systems.
Follow IEE guidelines and rules, Project   Structure Plan (PSP) and all defined company processes.
As Teamleader you will:
Provide leadership to the assigned sub-team of   the department in technical and administrative areas
Report to the department team leader and   coordinate escalations.
Assist in management of activities within   department.
Assist in mentoring within organization using   engineering knowledge and problem-solving facilitation skills.
Why to be a part of IEE:
15 years stable company at SK
pleasant working place
sustainable positions
possibility to professional growth
certificated company – Responsible employer​
Employee perks, benefits
​Bonus system:
HO (2x per week)
flexible working time (11.00-14.00 in house)
shorter Friday (possible leaving 12.00)
7,5 hours working time
travel compensation 50% (public transportations)
lunch in company canteen
financial compensation (meal tickets) above legal requirements
bonus for candidate recommendation
discounts for employees in selected stores
sports activities, TB, management breakfasts
integration training plan
internal and external trainings
language courses in working time
UpBalansea
foreign travel trips
Benefits for stable employees:
year end bonus
day off above the law
vacation above the law
contribution to III. pillar DDS
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
A   minimum of 2 years demonstrable experience in a   technical field (professional experience in the automotive industry   preferred)
Basic knowledge of the physics around   capacitive measurement electrical   principles, basic knowledge of   mechanical principles, materials, HW and SW
The ability to read and interpret   engineering drawings, contract documentation and government / industry   standards and specifications
Ability to coordinate small team up to 7   members
Basic overview of project management and coordination of different disciplines within projects
Upper intermediate/communicative English   (written & spoken) is required
German/French/Italian are considered assets
Knowledge of standard business software   products (Microsoft Office, Outlook, etc.)
Matlab, Eagle, 2D/3D CAD, FEA software   experience considered an asset
Critical thinking and problem-solving skills
Team work (organizational, communication and   leadership skills)
Negotiation
Good communication towards customer
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
At IEE we’re dynamic, motivated, and solution-oriented. We're proud of our heritage but, at the same time, very focused on the future. We want to make a difference and we'll respect and value your contribution.
Joining our team means:
•  developing new ideas, looking at things from a different perspective and daring to change the status quo
•  co-operating respectfully, honestly and truthfully
•  working towards a common goal
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Lucia Laczkó, Ph.D.
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5243868
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.3.2026
2026-03-03
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Systems Engineer
,
Team leader
Spoločnosť:
IEE Sensing Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 100 EUR/month