WMS Key user
CEVA Ground Logistics Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Trnava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
1 900 EUR/month
Final offer depends on skills and experience of chosen candidate, compensation package includes 10% annual bonus.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Act as the WMS Key User and serve as the subject-matter expert for warehouse processes within the system.
Provide real-time operational support: resolve incidents, analyse system/process issues, propose and coordinate workarounds, and escalate to IT/vendor teams as needed.
Coordinate and provide methodological guidance to the network of Key Users.
Collect, specify and prioritise WMS change requests; prepare inputs and communicate with IT via ticketing tools in line with SLA.
Support testing of changes: prepare test scenarios, execute UAT, perform regression testing, and maintain evidence/documentation of results.
Create and maintain process documentation: S&OPs, work instructions, training materials.
Deliver training and coaching for operators and team leaders (onboarding and refresh training); verify correct WMS usage on the shopfloor.
Support stock accuracy and inventory activities: system setup, controls, reporting, and investigation of discrepancies.
Cooperate with Quality and Customer teams on claims, traceability, and root cause investigations.
Work with KPI: propose process and system improvements to increase productivity and reduce errors.
Support go-live/cutover activities during WMS implementations or roll-outs, including related integrations (WMS ↔ ERP, EDI).
Employee perks, benefits
individual approach and complete training, because we know that the first weeks in a new job are difficult
recreation allowance of up to €275 for all employees, because we are aware of how important regeneration and rest are,
meal allowance of €7.50 fully paid by us,
we will celebrate your birthday with you!you will receive vouchers from us in the amount of €35 - €50,
various courses and training, because we care about your education and development
contribution to supplementary pension insurance (3rd pillar) - this is a smart way of saving, which we will also be happy to contribute to
the opportunity to take out life insurance - because we want to make sure that you are taken care of.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Excel - Advanced
Driving licence
B
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
Experience with WMS Blue Yonder system or any JIS (middleware system) is big advantage
Minimum 3 years of experience in warehouse logistics; advantage: automotive and/or 3PL.
1–2 years of experience as a WMS Super User/Key User (or equivalent experience supporting WMS and warehouse processes).
Strong end-to-end warehouse process knowledge: inbound, put-away, replenishment, picking, packing, shipping, inventory, claims/returns.
Advanced understanding of WMS logic: locations/slotting, picking strategies, waves, handling units, SSCC, user roles and authorisations.
Incident management skills: reproduce issues, collect relevant data (time, transaction, location, HU/SSCC), work with ticketing tools.
Experience with BRD and "As-IS and To-Be" mapping
Experience with change testing: UAT, regression testing, test scenario creation and result documentation.
Ability to conduct RCA and propose CAPA (Corrective and Preventive Actions).
Advanced Excel (pivot tables, control checks); advantage: basic SQL  and/or Power BI.
Strong analytical mindset, independence, prioritisation skills, and resilience in an operational environment.
Advantage: experience with JIS / JIT, WMS ↔ ERP/EDI integrations, RF scanners, label printing.
Flexibility to support critical periods (go-live, inventories, major incidents/outages) depending on the site’s operating mode
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
CEVA Logistics provides global supply chain solutions to connect people, products, and providers all around the world. Present in 170+ countries and with more than 110,000 employees spread over 1,500 sites, we are proud to be a Top 5 global 3PL.
We believe that our employees are the key to our success. We want to engage and empower our diverse, global team to co-create value with our customers through our solutions in contract logistics and air, ocean, ground, and finished vehicle transport. That is why CEVA Logistics offers a dynamic and exceptional work environment that fosters personal growth, innovation, and continuous improvement.
DARE TO GROW! Join CEVA Logistics, and you will be part of a team that values imagination and continued learning and is committed to excellence in everything we do. Join us in our mission to shape the future of global logistics. As we continue growing at a fast pace, will you “Dare to Grow” with us?
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Martina Mihaličková
Tel.:
+421908212158
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5243465
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.3.2026
2026-03-03
lokalita:
Trnava
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
Spoločnosť:
CEVA Ground Logistics Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 900 EUR/month