About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Cloud DevOps Senior Engineer
Apply Now
Date posted:
2.3.2026
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 3 800 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is €3800 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Cloud DevOps Senior Engineer
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our new Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
In this role at our state-of-the-art center, you will have the opportunity to grow your skills and create solutions that will benefit patients around the world. Become the heart of our internal innovation engine.
At Takeda we unite in diversity
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive workplace, where individuals are recognized for the diverse backgrounds and abilities they bring to our company. We are continually improving workplace experience and accessibility for everyone, and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our Team.
The Opportunity
As a Cloud DevOps Senior Engineer you'll work as technical specialist alongside business, product development and infrastructure teams within a scaled agile environment, continuously managing short change cycles to drive to our future state strategy. You are passionate about DevOps and Reliability engineering, experienced with public cloud(s) and hands-on experience with CI/CD tooling (GitHub or equivalent like Jenkins, Azure DevOps, etc.). You will design/build/deploy complex, forward-looking Infrastructure as Code to support the Takeda Enterprise Cloud Platform and Applications deployed onto the Takeda Enterprise Cloud.
Responsibilities
•	Work as a technical leader alongside business, product development and infrastructure teams within a scaled agile environment, continuously managing short change cycles to drive to our future state strategy.
•	Design/build/deploy complex, forward-looking Infrastructure as Code to support the Takeda Enterprise Cloud Platform and Applications deployed onto the Takeda Enterprise Cloud.
•	Integrate applications and data across diverse ecosystem with a focus on cloud-native approach.
•	Apply deep cloud infrastructure knowledge with respect to microservices architecture, design patterns, continuous integration, and continuous deployment.
•	Contribute to Takeda’s mission by leading the development and adoption of cloud-first solutions that deliver business outcomes and drive innovation.
•	Monitor for vulnerabilities and troubleshoot performance issues by implementing alert strategies for production environments.
•	Provision AWS environments using infrastructure-as-code and partner with development teams to design a robust deployment and patching strategy.
•	Work closely with product leads, scrum master, business customers to define feature specifications and build the next generation of digital health solutions.
•	Collaborate with infrastructure, network, and security teams to provision environments, configure services, and perform capacity planning.
•	Participate in support rotation, respond to system health alerts, and triage issues alongside helpdesk, managed services, and cloud ops teams.
•	Develop and maintain application documentation according to Takeda Quality Systems and Software Development Life Cycle standards and procedures.
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to our Benefits page (button above).
• Cafeteria
• Medical - High standard medical care
• Bridge days
• Summer Hours
• Multisport Card
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
•	Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related study, or equivalent experience.
•	5+ years of experience spanning multiple IT disciplines, including systems engineering, cloud infrastructure, and integration.
•	3+ years of hands on experience building and maintaining AWS infrastructure (VPC, IAM, EC2, LBs, AWS Native CI/CD Services, S3).
•	Highly proficient in provisioning AWS resources using Infrastructure as a code (IaC) with hands-on experience developing Cloud Formation Templates or Terraform.
•	Hands on experience in system level scripting using BASH and/or PowerShell.
•	Hands on programming skills in one or more high level languages like Python, Golang, Node.js, Java.
•	Proficient in handling CI/CD integrations with GitHub, GitHub Actions or equivalent and deploying infrastructure and applications on AWS.
•	Fluency with modern DevOps concepts and CI/CD pipeline processes.
•	Hands on experience with Docker containers and other orchestration tools/ services (AWS Fargate, EKS, Redhat Openshift).
•	Good Operating System level debugging skills.
•	Excellent oral and written communication skills, business acumen, and enterprise knowledge.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5243443
Dátum zverejnenia:
2.3.2026
2026-03-02
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
DevOps Engineer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 800 EUR/month