.Net Developer
Sygic a. s.
Place of work
Sygic, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
​We are looking for an
independent and
responsible Backend-for-Frontend (BFF) Software Engineer
with a strong interest in high-performance services. In this role, you will not only build APIs but also take
end-to-end ownership
of solutions that operate in a complex, distributed ecosystem. You’ll be part of the team that designs and maintains core online services supporting our mission-critical applications.
​
What You'll Do:
Build and own the BFF (Backend-for-Frontend) layer for Telematics and dependent modules
Design and expose tailored APIs that serve Frontends with customer experience in mind
Ensure high performance, consistency, and reliability of API endpoints
Work autonomously and own the solution. Go far beyond simple task delivery. You own the problem and deliver together with the product team
Independently collaborate with other teams and engineers to align on system needs
What You'll Bring:
Strong experience in building backend services using a modern general-purpose language
Familiarity with cloud platforms, preferably Azure
Experience with REST APIs, service orchestration, and data transformation
Comfortable working in distributed systems or microservice-based architectures
Experience in building systems that are run by the product engineering teams based on a strong observability stack
Proven ability to work independently, tackle complex systems and problems, and make well-reasoned design decisions
Proven ability to deliver E2E solutions
Bonus Knowledge:
Experience with Microsoft development ecosystem (e.g., Visual Studio, .NET ecosystem)
Experience with one of the following: Java, Python, C#
Knowledge of Entity Framework Core
Familiarity with containerization (Docker, Kubernetes) and CI/CD pipelines
Employee perks, benefits
Minimum salary for this position is 2500 EUR gross, final salary depends on the candidate's seniority and experience.
We care about your well-being and professional growth. Here’s what we offer to make your experience with us truly rewarding:
Work-Life Balance:
Enjoy flexible hours, the option to work from home, 5 extra vacation days beyond the legal minimum, 3 health days, additional leave for significant life events, an extra day off to celebrate our company’s anniversary, and sick leave compensation.
Benefits Package:
Take advantage of up to 1150€ in flexible benefits (Benefit Plus) that you can use for things like technology, sports, travel, health services, or even pension contributions. Plus, get a Multi-sport card for wellness and fitness activities.
Rewards & Development:
Earn up to 1000€ for referring a new colleague, access over 5,000 courses, join online language lessons, and enjoy performance-based bonuses. You’ll also have a personal budget to choose courses or conferences that help you grow professionally.
Supportive Environment:
Take a day off to volunteer, use our free anonymous psychological counseling service, and enjoy access to our company’s products.
Modern Workplace:
Work in a comfortable office with ergonomic furniture, a sunny summer terrace, and plenty of perks like free coffee, tea, and breakfast cereals every day. Our office is pet- and kid-friendly and has no dress code. You also have the option of parking in the building.
Community & Well-Being:
Join in on philanthropy projects, where you can support a charity or non-profit organization of your choice with company-matched donations. Have fun at our team-building events, hackathons, Christmas parties, or summer celebrations.
Diversity & Inclusion:
We’re committed to creating a workplace where everyone feels welcome, with fair recruitment practices that offer opportunities to all.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
We are Sygic and we have been changing the way people travel since 2004.
We are known for the Sygic GPS Navigation mobile application, the first navigation app on the Appstore and the second on Google Play, but today we are much more! After all these years, we extended, but the focus and start-up mentality remain.
Our users are considered part of our development family. We listen to their suggestions and try to ensure that our product still brings them added value.
As part of the Eurowag Group, which comprises a dynamic portfolio of innovative companies, including us – Sygic but also fireTMS, Inelo, WebEye, Princip, KomTeS, and CVS, we collectively play pivotal roles in creating sustainable financial and technological solutions. Together we work to simplify the life of fleet companies worldwide.
At Eurowag Group, we are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace. We encourage women, men, and individuals of all backgrounds to apply and join our team.
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Veronika Pužmanová
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5243254
Dátum zverejnenia:
2.3.2026
2026-03-02
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
Spoločnosť:
Sygic a. s.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month