IT Assurance Professional
Place of work
Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Salary
2 800 EUR/month
+VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
IT Assurance Professional
Siemens Healthineers Company is currently seeking an IT Assurance Professional to join our team! The position represents IT Assurance within the IT organization as a reliable partner for the implementation of the risk and internal control system and establish concepts for minimizing IT risks.
Responsibilities:
Define and optimize IT-specific internal control systems with a focus on the financially relevant applications and the associated support applications - in accordance with local and global requirements
Conduct independent IT General controls, IT application controls, Manual IT Dependent Controls, ISAE 3402 reports, identifying deviations and monitoring their processing, root cause analysis
Close alignment and collaboration with Siemens Group’s / Siemens Healthineers’ external assurance partner
Support the digitalization and development of the annual IT Assurance program
Coach other team members on the topics of audit methods and execution
Ability to balance multiple compliance, assurance, system implementations, and projects concurrently to meet critical deadlines, and roll-up your sleeves to “get it done"
Supervise and review work performed by other staff and external parties
Assist in drafting and preparing project deliverables
Ability to understand, review and communicate complex IT concepts into simple terms
Must be a self-starter, self-motivated, and results-oriented
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Technology, Business, Finance, or Accounting with major in Information Systems
Several years of professional experience in IT General Controls Audit / Financial System Audit or SAP System Audit as lead auditor in healthcare industry or related industry or one of the “Big 4" auditing companies
Experience with auditing compliance and control in major systems like SAP S4 HANA / SAP ERP, SAP GRC, Security Weaver, Salesforce, Workday, and custom applications will be highly preferable
Subject matter expertise in Internal Control over Financial Reporting (ICFR), Sarbanes Oxley, Finance Compliance (e.g., Segregation of Duties) and relevant IT Compliance Frameworks
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Personality requirements and skills
As you will be working with different divisions, functions and regions, you are fluent in written and spoken in English
Personally, you convince through strong communication & presentation skills as well as consulting know-how
You are dedicated to the success of Siemens Healthineers with drive and enthusiasm
International business trips are a welcome change for you to visit local System Owners or support local audit activities (5-10%)
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards:
starting from 2800EUR brutto /month + VAR*
We offer
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of telework and work from office
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Who we are:
We are a team of more than 71,000 highly dedicated Healthineers in more than 70 countries. As a leader in medical technology, we constantly push the boundaries to create better outcomes and experiences for patients, no matter where they live or what health issues they are facing. Our portfolio is crucial for clinical decision-making and treatment pathways.
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably.
Check our Careers Site at [1]
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
We care about your data privacy and take compliance with GDPR as well as other data protection legislation seriously. For this reason, we ask you not to send us your CV or resume by email. Please [2] create a profile within our talent community and subscribe to personalized job alert that will keep you posted about new opportunities.
To all recruitment agencies:
Siemens Healthineers' recruitment is internally managed, with external support permitted only when a qualified supplier has established a formal contract with us. Unsolicited candidate submissions and referrals, absent a current supplier contract, do not establish consent and are ineligible for fees. We delete and destroy unsolicited information, thus, would recommend you refrain from any such practices. Your adherence to our policies is appreciated.
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5243103
Dátum zverejnenia:
2.3.2026
2026-03-02
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month