Finance analyst
Dentsply Sirona Slovakia s. r. o.
Place of work
Einsteinova 33, Petržalka, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 950 EUR/month
*By legal requirement we are providing the information about the basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised position. The final financial conditions will be discussed based on your experience, however they will be not lower than above mentioned minimum salary component.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As finance analyst you will be implementing KPI metrics to enable Global Business Services (GBS) leadership effectively manage the capacity and performance of the teams and to present the GBS results to the key stakeholders (internal customers and leadership).  Also participating in various projects across GBS Finance related to process harmonization and improvements to drive workflow efficiency, timely and accurate output, and/or cost reduction across GBS Finance.
Key Responsibilities:
Complete all financial reports and accounts required by statutory bodies to ensure that the company complies with regulatory reporting requirements.
Prepare and review monthly, quarterly and annual financial reports and/or statements
Actively engage with GBS  leadership and Global process owners s to capture and define service level target definitions, measurements and data requirements.  Define data requirements to effectively and accurately measure actual service delivered and present overall results in a meaningful form to the leadership and internal customers.
Accurate and timely reporting of Service Delivery Standards metrics and publishing monthly to all GBS customer stakeholders.
Perform root cause analysis to identify process and data flow issues and/or data discrepancy issues.
Serve as expert resource to develop and implement operational performance tracking models, analytical and statistical models.
Manage all aspects of end-to-end data analysis and reporting using report building functions of systems, MicroSoft products, and/or other data management technology tools.
Identifiy and leverage data from various ERP systems to support cross-process synergies.
Suggest or participate in selection and implementation of software product applications for automating manual operational tasks defined by GBS leadership.
Cooperate with other teams in implementation of centralized reporting solution via BI tools, take ownership of the delivered solution and perform continuous improvement and maintenance tasks as required.
Oversee the performance of security administration functions including maintaining a security matrix for GBS applications and configuring the security within the applications.
Together with GPOs drive a structured business approach to create and manage project plans to implement changes aimed at  improving the effectiveness and efficiency of GBS processes and drive to minimize input/touch points with location Points of Contact
Performing any ad hoc requests related to the scope of the Employee’s position as stipulated by the supervisor.
Employee perks, benefits
Along with this position come also very attractive benefits such as:
• Professional development and possibility to grow within a newly established Shared Service Center based in Einpark
• Fully paid meal vouchers 7,70 Eur per working day and during vacation, sick days, and sick leave
• 3 sick days per year
• Fully paid sick leave up to one month
• Contribution to dental care up to 150 Eur per year
• Pension Contribution after 1 year
• Classes of foreign languages
• Access to Multisport card
• Referral Programe Bonus up to 1200 Eur
• Employee Assistance Programe
• Social events
• Refreshment in the office – coffee, tea, water, fruit on Wednesdays
• Yearly performance-based bonus
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Power Bi - Advanced
Microsoft Excel - Expert
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
PowerBI and Excel advanced
Creating dashboards
Data analysis as passion
Ambitious individual
English language C1
Bachelor’s degree in either finance or business administration, economics or IT
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Dentsply Sirona is the world’s largest manufacturer of professional dental products and technologies, with a 130-year history of innovation and service to the dental industry and patients worldwide. Dentsply Sirona develops, manufactures, and markets a comprehensive solutions offering including dental and oral health products as well as other consumable medical devices under a strong portfolio of world class brands. Dentsply Sirona’s products provide innovative, high-quality and effective solutions to advance patient care and deliver better and safer dentistry. Dentsply Sirona’s global headquarters is located in Charlotte, North Carolina, USA. The company’s shares are listed in the United States on NASDAQ under the symbol XRAY.
For more information about our company, please visit our web page www.dentsplysirona.com
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Katarína Straková
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5243895
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.3.2026
2026-03-03
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
BI Analyst
,
Data Analyst
,
Financial Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Dentsply Sirona Slovakia s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 950 EUR/month