About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Software Engineer
Apply Now
Date posted:
2.3.2026
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 3 050 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is €3050 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Software Engineer
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our new Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
In this role at our state-of-the-art center, you will have the opportunity to grow your skills and create solutions that will benefit patients around the world. Become the heart of our internal innovation engine.
At Takeda we unite in diversity!
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive workplace, where individuals are recognized for the diverse backgrounds and abilities they bring to our company. We are continually improving workplace experience and accessibility for everyone, and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our Team.
The Opportunity
As a Software Engineer, you will provide technical expertise in innovative product development, ensuring seamless integration and efficient utilization of relevant technologies. With your experience, you will build technology solutions, integrate with our technical ecosystem, and be a member of an agile team of top-tier developers for Takeda to succeed in this mission.
Responsibilities
•	Deliver, evolve and maintain special web-based toolkits and migration tools with supporting infrastructure built in modern Front-End, Back-End and Infrastructure frameworks (React, Python, .NET, TypeScript, Terraform) and libraries.
•	Utilize APIs, connectors, and middleware tools to achieve system interoperability.
•	Implement reusable libraries across applications.
•	Develop application code and unit tests in selected framework and/or library.
•	Ensure high performance for global users through performance tests and tuning.
•	Collaborate with business stakeholders to understand business requirements and design technical solutions. Create architectural diagrams, define system integrations, and establish best practices for development.
•	Collaborate with cross-functional technical teams, including business analysts, project managers, and technical engineers in other global locations, to understand requirements, provide technical insights, and ensure successful project delivery. Communicate effectively to convey technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to our Benefits page (button above).
• Cafeteria
• Medical - High standard medical care
• Bridge days
• Summer Hours
• Multisport Card
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
•	Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related study, or equivalent experience.
•	4+ years of relevant professional experience in developing software.
•	Strong hands-on experience as a full-stack engineer with following tech stack: Python, .NET/C#, React, TypeScript, PowerShell, SQL/NoSQL.
•	Hands on experience building and maintaining public cloud infrastructure (AWS preferred or willingness to take your non-AWS public cloud knowledge and upskill in AWS).
•	Skilled in provisioning resources using Infrastructure as a code (IaC).
•	Hands on experience in system level scripting using Bash and/or PowerShell.
•	Solid experience in handling CI/CD integrations with GitHub or equivalent (Jenkins, GitLab, Azure DevOps, …) and deploying infrastructure and applications on public cloud.
•	Knowledge of frameworks like Dash, Flask, Shiny, Streamlit, or others is a plus!
•	Understanding of modern DevOps concepts and CI/CD pipeline processes.
•	Familiarity with Agile methodologies and project management tools.
•	Experience in designing and implementing integrations between systems using middleware tools. Familiarity with various integration patterns, protocols, and technologies (such as REST, SOAP, JSON, XML).
•	Adept at analyzing complex technical issues, identifying root causes, and implementing effective solutions. Proficient in debugging, performance optimization, and troubleshooting mobile/web applications.
•	Solid oral and written communication skills, business acumen, and enterprise knowledge.
•	Proficiency in English in both verbal and written communication is a must.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5243440
Dátum zverejnenia:
2.3.2026
2026-03-02
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 050 EUR/month