Junior React Native Engineer Wanted!
localhost s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
Final agreement depends on your skill-set and experience. This is the subject of a partnership agreement during the selection process.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join a well-established international project as we launch a brand-new team from day one!​
Do you have experience with mobile development, React Native framework and TypeScript? Are you passionate about developing innovative solutions? Join our team as a React Native Engineer and contribute to the dynamic world of software development.
We are seeking talented individuals to join our team to help us establish and grow our presence, organization, culture, which will drive our digital product development efforts. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies and collaborate with top professionals working on very high impact and visibility products.
What will you do?
As a Junior Software Engineer you will be performing implementation, regular problem solving, maintenance and support, as well as:
• Perform development assignments and programming tasks.
• Work on complex projects, application systems and infrastructure components.
• Work on business valuable features.
• Communicate with end users and internal customers to ensure accuracy and integrity and completeness of the product.
• Stay up-to-date with the latest trends and advancements in IT development.
Employee perks, benefits
• 6 extra days off: 3x localhost days and 3x sick days
• Referral bonus
• Benefit plus budget
• Multisport Card
• Financial contribution to Pension plan
• Education support (certificates, courses, trainings)
• Bonuses at every smashing life events
• Flexible working arrangements
• Transparent approach and communication
• Supporting your ideas
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
1
Personality requirements and skills
• Bachelor's degree in computer science, Software Engineering, or related field.
• 1+ years of development experience.
• Experience with object-oriented programming.
• Experience with JavaScript, TypeScript incl. ES6+
Top Candidates will also have:
• Interest in cross-platform mobile development.
• Understanding of REST APIs, document request model.
• Some experience with XCode and Android Studio.
• Experience with CI/CD tools (Azure DevOps, GitHub actions) and agile methodologies.
•  Experience with maintenance of existing code and automated testing.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Join the digital revolution with localhost!
We're not your average IT company. As a team of passionate tech experts based in Košice, we've spent the last decade empowering global and local brands alike.
Our 100+ strong team of engineers is committed to your success, constantly learning and adapting to bring you the most innovative solutions and state-of-the-art software. Whether you're a startup or an enterprise, we're your trusted partner.
Reach out today and let's shape your digital future together: info@localhost.company
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Daniela Pčolárová
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5244653
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.3.2026
2026-03-04
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Android Developer
,
Frontend developer
,
iOS Developer
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
localhost s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month