Back to open positions
About PwC
Students and graduates
Experienced candidates
Mothers
Benefits
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
Upon Agreement
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
(+ annual bonus, salary review, interesting company benefits)
Financial Data Analyst (m/f)
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Join our dynamic finance team as a
Financial Data Analyst (m/f)
, where you’ll have the unique opportunity to apply your data analysis skills to transform how we understand and utilize financial information across the organization. This role is all about utilizing advanced technology and data-driven insights to drive impactful business decisions. You'll be part of an innovative finance team, collaborating with stakeholders to enhance reporting accuracy and identify strategic opportunities for process improvement.
Key responsibilities:
Design, build, and maintain
reports and dashboards in Power BI from end to end
:
○
ETL processes
: Extract, transform, and load data from multiple sources
○
Data modeling
: Apply efficient structures
○
Visualization
: Deliver interactive insights for key stakeholders
Act as a data specialist
within the financial controlling team
Perform
data analysis, evaluate existing reporting processes
and identify
opportunities for improvement
Employee perks, benefits
Benefits you can enjoy while working at PwC
Financial Rewards:
Benefit from regular salary reviews, performance bonuses and other special bonuses. Enjoy meal contributions and a cafeteria benefit system offering personalized choices.
Flexibility & Work-Life Balance:
Enjoy our hybrid working policy, flexible working hours, 2 extra days off during Christmas along with Sick-days. Every minute of your extra work is valued and compensated.
Career Development:
Engage in tailored internal and external training programs, benefit from a structured career development plan, and as an employee take advantage of discounts of up to 30% on internationally recognized certifications and qualifications from leading organizations through our PwC Academy.
Health & Well-being:
Access premium benefits such as physiotherapy consultations, Multisport card and medical center membership. Take advantage of our Well-being and Work-Life Coaching program.
Supportive Culture:
Participate in teambuilding activities and social events and join our employee referral program. Experience a culture with regular feedback and a supportive environment.
Global Opportunities:
Seize the opportunity for international assignments and work on diverse projects with international clients. Explore the world while working with the possibility of working from abroad.
Extra perks:
Use various discounts at partner companies such as cars, health care, beauty, culture or others. Transfer up to 4 telephone numbers at discounted rates.
Personality requirements and skills
Strong experience working with
large datasets and data management tools
Proficient in
Power BI
(at least 1 years of experience building reports)
Experience with
PowerQuery
- must have
Familiarity with
SAP S/4HANA
— must have
Basic understanding of
SQL
Experience with Microsoft 365 tools (
SharePoint, Excel
)
Understanding of accounting principles and familiarity with
reporting of financial KPIs
Proficiency in
English (at least B2 level)
Information about the selection process
If you'd like to apply for this position, please click on the "Apply here" button below and apply through our system.
Data privacy announcement you can find here: https://pwc.to/2s8n2tn
We seek to hire people who are great at what they do and bring our behaviours to life in how they do it. Our PwC Professional framework guides us to work together to create a better tomorrow. Together, Trusted Leadership and Distinctive Outcomes are how we deliver on our purpose and strategy, serving our clients and living our values in every interaction, everyday. The PwC Professional framework defines the behaviours we’re all expected to demonstrate at PwC and what we look for in our future talent.
Are you ready to be a PwC Professional?
If the current position is not right for you but you have friends or acquaintances in your area who could also be interested in working with us at PwC, feel free to direct them to us. If we establish cooperation with a candidate recommended by you, you can receive a reward ranging from 300 to 1000 EUR, depending on the seniority of the candidate. You can find the referral form at this link: https://www.pwc.com/sk/en/careers/get-rewarded-for-recommending-candidate.html
Contact
Contact person: Zuzana Matejovičová
E-mail:
send CV
Send CV
Back to open positions
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5244257
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.3.2026
2026-03-03
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Accountant
,
BI Analyst
,
Controller
,
Data Analyst
,
Financial Analyst
Spoločnosť:
PwC
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month