Technician (Hydraulic & Electrical Systems) / Technik (hydraulika a elektrika)
HBEUROTEK Slovakia s. r. o.
Place of work
Košice
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 300 EUR/month
The final salary will be agreed based on the candidate’s experience and qualifications. /
Konečná výška mzdy bude dohodnutá na základe skúseností a kvalifikácie kandidáta.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Service engineering for European customers, including the provision and management of technical documentation related to contracts and service assignments, as well as participation in service trips. /
Servisné inžinierstvo pre európskych zákazníkov vrátane poskytovania a správy technickej dokumentácie súvisiacej so zmluvami a servisnými zákazkami, ako aj účasti na servisných výjazdoch.
Employee perks, benefits
Benefits will be agreed based on the internal policy during the interview process./
Benefity budú dohodnuté na základe interných pravidiel počas výberového konania.
Information about the selection process
Interested candidates should apply by submitting both a CV and a motivation letter. The selected applicants will be contacted./
Záujemcov prosíme o zaslanie životopisu a motivačného listu. Kontaktovaní budú vybraní uchádzači.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary without school-leaving examination
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Intermediate (B1)
Driving licence
B
Experience in the position/sector
Hydraulic and electrical technician
Number of years of experience
5
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Founded in 2002, HBE GROUP manufactures forging equipment and metal forging parts. Headquartered in Korea, the company boasts a 40,000m² manufacturing facility and exports to countries around the world through branches in India, Dubai, and Slovakia. With over 20 years of experience manufacturing and supplying presses, the company has accumulated extensive experience and expertise in hydraulic presses. Leveraging this expertise, the company designs, manufactures, and supplies defense and aerospace forging presses to leading global companies.
Contact
Contact person: Justin Seongsoo Bae
Tel.:
+421907745004
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5244757
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.3.2026
2026-03-20
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Electrical Engineering Technician
,
Service Engineer
,
Service Technician
,
Technical Director
,
Technician
Spoločnosť:
HBEUROTEK Slovakia s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 300 EUR/month