One bank.
Many career paths.
#makeITmatter
Microsoft Office 365 Solutions Expert (all humans)
Location:
Bratislava, Bratislavský kraj, Slovakia
Working-Hours:
fulltime_permanent
Division:
Infrastructure & Cloud
Company:
Erste Digital
Apply now
Make a difference in the financial life of millions of people: At Erste Digital you are co-creating the digital future, in which better financial health is possible. #believeinyourself
We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle.
Share Service Integration & Agile Department is part of the Infrastructure and Cloud division. Our main task is the global configuration of the central Erste Group Microsoft 365 tenant, Entra ID and shared services within the Azure landing zone. Working with security teams, we create and document governance principles and policies, maintain and continuously improve delegation model for Microsoft cloud services to allow operational tasks to be performed by integrated entities, and automate repetitive core management tasks.
What to do:
Provide technical consultancy for an enterprise Office 365 project across multiple countries and entities.
Provide centralized administration (via GUI and PowerShell) for Office 365 services, including Entra ID, Exchange, SharePoint, Teams, Power Platform, Intune, Security & Purview, Viva services, and others.
Evaluate new cloud technologies to implement new functionalities, focusing on SaaS applications.
Collaborate with the Governance, Architecture, and Security Teams to develop the solution architecture.
Create and update comprehensive system documentation and operational procedures.
You check these boxes:
Expertise in managing a range of Office 365 services. A comprehensive knowledge of Exchange Online, Purview technologies, and Viva services is particularly beneficial.
Proficiency in scripting and development using PowerShell, with expertise in Microsoft Graph API.
Capability to collect requirements and analyze them, prepare alternative designs, and create materials for architectural decisions.
Excellent written and verbal presentation skills.
A team player who is enthusiastic about learning new skills, proficient in cross-team and cross-entity communication, self-motivated, and capable of managing tasks independently.
Microsoft certifications focused on Office 365 areas are welcome.
Fluent in English.
Willingness to travel approximately 1-2 days per month to the Vienna office.
Why you will like us:
Possibility to benefit and learn from our international, talented and passionate community at Erste
Interest groups and clubs: Take part in discussions and get involved in projects. Numerous interest groups invite you to engage with a topic
Health Care – Taking care of your health is important. That’s why we contribute to your above standard medical examination and provide a helpline in case of hard lifetime situations. You also receive a salary compensation during sick leave
Work-Life-Balance – Sabbatical, paternity leave, contribution to marriage & childbirth, 4 days of extra holiday per year, contribution to the 3rd pillar and MultiSport card. This is how we promote a balance between work, leisure, and family
Employee Referral Program – Become a talent scout for career opportunities in IT. We are rewarding every successful referral for Erste Digital
A competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - we are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 3.200,- gross per month for this full time position. But this is just a formality, we are more than happy to discuss your actual expectations.
The way we are:
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual orientation or origin.
Apply now
Follow us:
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5244728
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.3.2026
2026-03-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
,
IT System Administrator
,
Systems Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Erste Digital GmbH
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 200 EUR/month