Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Technical Consultant - Cloud Professional Services
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 900 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
Provides expert technical advice, develops and provides solution design for highly complex implementation tasks and implementation processes. Performs highly complex tasks independently and act as a Technical Lead in implementation projects.
What will you do?
Analyzes and provides solutions for most complex tasks.
Provides 3rd  level support, solves problems and escalates most complex issues.
Investigate the root cause of complex incidents and then initiate actions  to improve or correct the situation.
Evaluate, authorize, prioritize, plan and review complex changes in controlled manner or escalate to higher authority.
Identify weaknesses in used processes and eliminate them following industry and internal standards.
Creates / review/maintain procedures and  complex  technical documentation to support IT service.
Provides expert advice , consultancy and support for internal/external customer & management.
Reports and regularly communicates with project stakeholders and/or customer.
Delivers services/solutions in the agreed quality and quantity according to agreed requirements, contracts and/or KPI’s.
Participate on  Solution Designs  and  Architecture activities.
Serve as technical lead to assure delivery of the service.
Deliver effective training plans and concepts to train other employees and ensure their fulfillment .
You will succeed if you:
Are proficient in German language
Have a degree in IT, Computer Science, Business Informatics, or related field
Have basic understanding of cloud computing concepts (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS)
Have foundational knowledge of at least one major cloud provider
Have basic understanding of Kubernetes and containerization concepts
Have strong analytical and structured working style
Have strong communication and documentation skills
Advanced Microsoft Office
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 900 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Kiššová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5244095
Dátum zverejnenia:
3.3.2026
2026-03-03
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 900 EUR/month