About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Digital Communications and Change Senior Analyst
Apply Now
Date posted:
4.3.2026
Location:
Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary:
From 2 650 EUR/month
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is €2650 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Digital Communications and Change Senior Analyst
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet. We need your help to make this happen. Join our new Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
In this role at our state-of-the-art center, you will have the opportunity to grow your skills and create solutions that will benefit patients around the world. Become the heart of our internal innovation engine.
At Takeda we unite in diversity
Takeda is committed to creating an inclusive workplace, where individuals are recognized for the diverse backgrounds and abilities they bring to our company. We are continually improving workplace experience and accessibility for everyone, and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. Here, you will feel welcomed, respected, and valued as an important contributor to our Team.
The Opportunity
As a Digital Communications and Change Senior Analyst you will focus on preparing and supporting people during an anticipated change, through well-planned change activities to help them embrace change more effectively and realize the value of Takeda’s transformation projects or initiatives. Your work involves analyzing situations and data, exercising judgment within established procedures and fostering productive relationships internally and externally. You must showcase solid knowledge of industry practices and contribute to departmental projects and goals.
Responsibilities
Change Management and Communications service delivery to effectively support change and provide an exceptional end user experience.
Services include (but not limited to):
•	End to End Change Management and Communications services for digital technology implementations
•	Track Change Management and Communications effectiveness through standard KPIs.
•Identification and mitigation/management of organizational, process, system and data changes
•	Execution of the defined training approach in collaboration with training team members to deliver exceptional user experience: Training Materials, Training Effectiveness, Training Approach, Training Needs Assessment, Curriculum, LMS, etc
•	Execution of defined communications and engagement activities to support adoption
•Collaboration with Communications team members to deliver exceptional user experience
•	Monitor the Change Management effectiveness, based on data
•	Comply with the Project Management practices used in Change Management and Communications, including Project Plan, Milestone Management Status tracking and Reporting,  Deliverables Follow Up,  Issue and Risk Management
•	As a member of the Change and Communications team support other team activities as needed and participate in OCM community activities to support internal collaboration and capability building
•	Collaborate with stakeholders to lead all organizational alignment activities for DD&T communications
•	All other duties reasonably required of the position
Employee perks, benefits
What Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to our Benefits page (button above).
• Cafeteria
• Medical - High standard medical care
• Bridge days
• Summer Hours
• Multisport Card
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
•	Appropriate Bachelor’s in related specialization area (e.g. Human Resources, Psychology, Communications, Business Administration, etc.) is essential.
•	4 to 6 years of experience in Change Management in a global setting, preferably in an IT function.
•	Experience in managing change in a diverse data and digital technology landscape.
•	Experience with end-to-end change implementations for small-medium programs with knowledge of operational steps such as Change Impact Assessment, Change Action Plan, Communications Planning, Training Needs Assessment, Training Curriculum, Readiness Assessment, etc.
•	Ability to manage change in a cross functional organization while being flexible and adaptable to work in ambiguous situations.
•	Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (both written and verbal English) to clearly articulate messages to a variety of audiences.
•	Ability to work successfully in multi-cultural teams and to build and maintain strong relationships with key local and global stakeholders.
•	Excellent oral and written communications skills, business acumen with analytical and problem-solving skills.
•	Skilled in problem-solving, able to identify and address challenges creatively and effectively
•	Practice efficient time management and coordinates tasks, working in an international environment.
•	Experience in Pharma and GxP projects is a plus
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Takeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey.
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Peter Straka
E-mail:
send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5244376
Dátum zverejnenia:
4.3.2026
2026-03-04
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Internal Communication Specialist
,
IT Analyst
,
IT Consultant
,
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Takeda
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 650 EUR/month