One bank.
Many career paths.
#makeITmatter
Software Engineer (all humans)
Location:
Bratislava, Bratislavský kraj, Slovakia
Working-Hours:
fulltime_permanent
Division:
Payments Solutions
Company:
Erste Digital
Apply now
Make a difference in the financial life of millions of people: At Erste Digital you are co-creating the digital future, in which better financial health is possible. #believeinyourself
We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle.
In the Payments Solutions tribe of Erste Digital we are not only responsible for the smooth processing of national and international payment transactions, but also for some AT Corporate Channels such as EBICS in Erste Group. This makes us part of a large number of national and international projects. As part of a team performing EBICS server maintenance and project work, you will provide hands-on system 3rd level support for external and internal customers.
What to do:
Proactively design solutions for operational, project, and maintenance requirements in collaboration with software providers and server maintenance teams.
Install software deliveries single-handedly from software providers.
Set up and maintain interfaces to neighboring systems and monitor for appropriate system alerts.
Monitor systems and implement appropriate alerts.
Be an active part of the daily operations including incident handling.
You check these boxes:
Profound Unix/Linux Server knowledge.
Proficient in SQL and Postgres.
Strong development skills, especially script languages, Java and XML.
Understanding of corporate architectures and ability to apply that knowledge for practical solutions.
EBICS server/protocol knowledge (existing or to be acquired).
Payments knowledge.
Ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams.
Possess strong problem-solving skills such as good communication and interpersonal skills
Knowledge of software development lifecycle and methodologies.
Excellent English skills, both written and verbal, are essential – German is a plus.
Why you will like us:
Possibility to benefit and learn from our international, talented and passionate community at Erste
Interest groups and clubs: Take part in discussions and get involved in projects. Numerous interest groups invite you to engage with a topic
Health Care – Taking care of your health is important. That’s why we contribute to your above standard medical examination and provide a helpline in case of hard lifetime situations. You also receive a salary compensation during sick leave
Work-Life-Balance – Sabbatical, paternity leave, contribution to marriage & childbirth, 4 days of extra holiday per year, contribution to the 3rd pillar and MultiSport card. This is how we promote a balance between work, leisure, and family
Employee Referral Program – Become a talent scout for career opportunities in IT. We are rewarding every successful referral for Erste Digital
A competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - we are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 2800,- gross per month for this full time position. But this is just a formality, we are more than happy to discuss your actual expectations.
The way we are:
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual orientation or origin.
Apply now
Follow us:
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5244731
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.3.2026
2026-03-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Java Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Erste Digital GmbH
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month