Process Automation & Optimalization Trainee (Internship opportunity))
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
internship, work experience
Wage (gross)
8 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you aware of how databases and data models work?
If your answer is YES, then this internship may be exactly what you're looking for.
At Zurich Insurance we have a great opportunity for a technical student. We are looking for a technical resource (preferably developer) interested in creation of support tools for automation and optimization of operational processes. This person should have at least basic database understanding, should know how data models work (data aggregation/data reporting).You will become a member of our fantastic customer-facing operational delivery team. At our team, we focus on the customer first and add value to our customer's bottom line. You will gain real experience in a real environment, fully supported by a well-experienced team of professional Service Delivery Managers.
As a process automation and optimalization intern, your main role would be to:
Support tools developments bringing structure/standard/optimization/automation of operational processes
Database maintenance and implementation of existing/new functionalities
Navigation/functionality improvements/developments for existing/new frontend reporting tools
We would like to give this opportunity to someone who is:
University student of IT/technical study - not in the final/finishing year
Looking for a 1-year internshipSkilled in SQL, Power Platform (advantage)Skilled in data reporting, data aggregation
Willing to work and learn in an international environment
Not afraid to share their ideas
Focused on automation and optimization
Speaking fluent English – level B2
Don’t wait until your studies end, start to gain the real experiences now! We are looking forward to welcoming you at Zurich Insurance Bratislava.
Location(s):
Bratislava office, possibility of hybrid work
Schedule:
Part-time, 20 hours per week, possibility to accommodate working hours
Wage:
8 EUR/hour
Expected date of completion of the selection process
4.4.2026
(there are still 29 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
Educational Specialization
Information Technology
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
Information Technology
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Zurich is a leading multi-line insurer that serves its customers in global and local markets. With about 60,000 employees it provides a wide range of property and casualty, life insurance products and services in more than 200 countries and territories. Zurich’s customers include individuals, small businesses, and mid-sized and large companies, as well as multinational corporations.
Zurich Slovakia is a Competence Center based in Bratislava and Kosice providing highly specialized services for Zurich's headquarter in Switzerland and all Zurich Business units around the globe. Our services are focusing on all types of actuarial services – Life and Non-life, pricing and reserving, on data science and engineering, risk management, business intelligence, information technology, software asset management as well as insurance network management and technical accounting. Our Competence Center employs around 400+ staff from 20+ different countries.
At Zurich Insurance, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Nikola Bilkova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5245373
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.3.2026
2026-03-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Analyst
,
IT Analyst
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
8 EUR/month