Account / Project Manager
Voxwise s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
upon agreement
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
+ monthly variable performance bonus. The final offer will reflect your experience and seniority level.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the role
Join our forces at Voxwise if you are a motivated Account/Project Manager who likes to build a long-term relationship with clients. We are seeking a new colleague for our Use Cases Implementation department.
As an Account/Project Manager, you will be not only responsible for managing and nurturing relationships with our valued clients, ensuring their satisfaction and success with our products and services, but also advising them with the best possible solutions, ensuring on-time delivery of solutions with the help of your technical colleagues. All this is closely connected to the solution itself, so a tech/analytical mind is needed.
Responsibilities
Act as the main point of contact for assigned international clients, build and maintain strong relationships
Understand clients' business needs and objectives, and provide tailored solutions to meet their requirements, proactively coming up with ideas and solutions
Collaborate with teams to ensure the successful implementation and delivery of projects
Resolve any clients' issues or concerns in a timely and professional manner
Employee perks, benefits
We advise global companies on how to use customer data
Creative work with data, the result of which you will see immediately
You look at the world from different perspectives
Above-standard team
Flexibility
Modern environment and tools
Regular team activities
Espresso machine, Moccamaster
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
and
Slovak - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
​
Excellent communication skills in Slovak and English and interpersonal skills
Highly organized
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Strong problem-solving and decision-making abilities
Business Thinking
Overall technical inclination and orientation in IT/technical/analytical field
Experience with Bloomreach (Exponea) or similar is welcomed
​
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Voxwise is a Slovak company with more than 10 years of history in customer data analysis, creating loyalty programs and pricing solutions. Our specialists work primarily with the data of prestigious foreign clients, mainly from the UK and Saudi Arabia, from various business sectors, helping them make better decisions, with the aim of increasing their profits. Our ambition is to continuously expand into foreign markets and build an excellent reputation, especially with foreign clients. We have the international award Loyalty Awards London in data processing in CRM. Our Voxwise team combines humanness, collaboration, and result orientation. Ambition and an emphasis on innovation go hand in hand with being clear-headed. We think big, but we live in reality.
Contact
Contact person: Eva Sebök
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5245405
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.3.2026
2026-03-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Account Manager
,
IT Project Manager
,
Marketing Manager
,
Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Voxwise s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month