SK
|
EN
Mondelez SR Production
(továreň Figaro)
Mondelēz
International
Piemyselný park
Kostolné Kračany
About us
Job Offers
Benefits
Contacts
Data Management Service Hub Business Partner (f/m/x)
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 900 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Fixed term/project backfill for about 2 years.
Are You Ready to Make It Happen at Mondelēz International?
Join our Mission to Lead the Future of Snacking. Make It Matter.
You work with functions and business units to develop strategic roadmaps and to plan agreed-to outcomes. In this role, you ensure that commitments are met, and serve as the point of contact for Mondelēz International Digital Services.
Responsibilities:
1. Data creation and change (30%)
• monitor all create and change requests across domain, coordinate with PCM and other stakeholders in the I2M process to ensure correctness and completeness
• Track, monitor and report on new creations, changes, delisting and E2E data object creation
• Support business functions in issue solving, customer complaints and production issues
• Support and sometimes drive continuous improvement projects in data quality and data processes
2. Data Quality (30%)
• Enforce data quality management policies as prescribed in the Mondelez Gold Model and GS1 standards, carry out 360degree checks on key data attributes to ensure consistency of data shared
3. Stakeholder collaboration (30%)
• Act as key point of contact between business stakeholders and partners, participate in I2M project meetings as key point of contact for Master Data for all categories/countries.
Cross Cluster collaboration
• Act as key user, support regression testing and maintain documentation for specified data objects and processes, support MEU and global projects with master data activities
• Participate Global Governance and Reference Group meetings
• Collate and publish monthly/quarterly/annual audit control reports
4. Food Information to Consumer Coordination following EU Regul. 1169 – Publ. of product info (10%)
• Approve and monitor the accuracy of product specification and image data, monitor and rectify errors in regulatory, nutritional and allergen data, following EU Regulation 1169 – Publication of product information, maintain and update customer specific forms, respond to requests from business functions
Support and provide cover for team members in order to ensure a balanced workload
Employee perks, benefits
We also offer top attractive benefits, such as:
Performance annual bonus payment, yearly salary review based on performance
Cafeteria (sports, relax venue, culture, travelling opportunities, language courses), free drinks and fruit in the workplace, meal vouchers fully covered by employer, free company products, company gym
Flexible working hours, extra holidays, financial contribution to wedding, childbirth and retirement, service awards, life insurance, contribution to education, supplementary pension fund, company parties and team events
Selected positions: Company car, cell phone
Cooperative and strong team environment
International environment and further career progression
Constant virtual and F2F learning opportunities
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
2
The position is suitable for a fresh graduate
Yes
Personality requirements and skills
What you will bring - preferred but not necessary:
Knowledge: including education, qualifications and training
•	Bachelor's or University degree
•	Good understanding and knowledge of SAP
•	Good understanding and knowledge of Data Management, and data management systems
•	Understanding of EU regulation 1169, Publication of product information
•	Service management knowledge, including BPO management, KPI reporting
•	Understanding of continuous improvement, L6S
Skills/Leadership Competencies
•	Strong customer service orientation
•	Developing and managing x/functional and multi country relationship
•	Excellent communicator
•	Handling complexity and managing details, Proactive problem solving and analytical skills
•	High level of numerical and analytical skills
Experience
•	2 and more years of Data Management
•	Experience working in a remote & x-functional context
•	Experience in working in a service function
Languages  - English
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
At Mondelēz International, our purpose is to empower people to snack right through offering the right snack, for the right moment, made the right way. That means delivering a broader range of delicious, high-quality snacks that nourish life's moments, made with sustainable ingredients and packaging that consumers can feel good about.
We have a rich portfolio of strong brands – both global and local. Including many household names such as Oreo, belVita and LU biscuits; Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka and Toblerone chocolate; Sour Patch Kids candy and Trident gum. We are proud to hold the number 1 position globally in biscuits, chocolate and candy as well as the No. 2 position in gum.
Our 80,000 Makers and Bakers are located in our operations in more than 80 countries and are working to sell our products in over 150 countries around the world. They are energized for growth and critical to us living our purpose and values. We are a diverse community that can make things happen, and happen fast.
Join us and Make It An Opportunity!
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Company address
1
Contact
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5245916
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.3.2026
2026-03-06
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Data Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Mondelēz International
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 900 EUR/month