UX/UI Product Designer/ IT Services – Slovakia
PERSONALITY, s.r.o.
Place of work
Martin, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you interested in applying UX/UI design principles to create viable Digital products?
Join our dynamic team and let's work together on Digital Product portfolioenhancements
& creating visually engaging designs and user-friendly functionalities.
You will be responsible forthe visual aspects of a product, defining functional specifications and meeting strategic company goals. Bridginguser needs & business requirements.
This position is suitable for a medior & senior-level candidate.
Are you interested in finding out more?
If so, we have an exciting Job opportunity for you.
Key responsibilities:
Creating & designing a new generation of Digital products
Responsibility for a UX/UI user interface design for multiple products includingverification of customer needs
Collaborating on the creation of UX/UI assignments with the IT, Sales & Marketing teams
Conducting analysis & implementation of usability tests
Identifying opportunities for strategic improvements in both product & process
Developing the company’s Web applications/ Desktop applications
Revising designs based on feedback with a focus on user-friendly solutions
Presenting design ideas & proposals, user research findings to stakeholders
Monitoring industry trends & applying “Best practises”
Candidate Experience:
Techstack:
Min. 4 years of experience as UX/UI Designer, Graphic Designer, UX Expert, or working in a similar role
Product Design & Web application development/ B2B ideally
Interaction design
UX/UI
CX
HCI
Ability to connect design with business goals & user needs
Employee perks, benefits
Hybrid working mode/ 2 days on-site
Flexible working time
Personal development programs/workshops and training
We look forward to hearing from you.
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our client operates primarily in the IT and SW services field.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
UX/UI Design - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
Product Design& UX/UI Design
Number of years of experience
4
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Group PERSONALITY® is an HR Leader providing a unique combination of services: HEADHUNTING, RECRUITMENT, PERSONAL LEASING, INTERIM MANAGEMENT, TEMPORARY PLACEMENT, CAREER ADVISORY and creation of professional LINKEDIN profiles.
PERSONALITY® was founded in 2006 with a vision of becoming a professional partner in HR. Our core team of Headhunters and Recruiters shares exceptional experience with filling various vacancies under the most precise criteria and requirements. We are available to you in our offices in Bratislava, Nitra, Prague and Dubai.
To our Clients and Candidates, we offer complex services and solutions, individual consulting, as well as long-term partnership, with the highest quality of service provided being our primary objective. Find more information about us on www.PersonalityHR.com.
Within the scope of CAREER ADVISORY service, we will be happy to create or enhance your tailor-made Professional LinkedIn profile: www.ProfileLinked.in.
Peter Križan
CEO
The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services.
Number of employees
10-19 employees
Contact
Contact person: Veronika Mačuhová
Tel.:
+421903291830
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5245048
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.3.2026
2026-03-06
lokalita:
Martin
Pozícia:
User Experience Expert
Spoločnosť:
PERSONALITY, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month