O nás
Otvorené pozície
Product and Promotions Specialist
Place of work
Galvaniho 19, Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Start date
asap
Wage (gross)
2 250 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Bratislava, Slovakia
WHAT YOU’LL DO:
As a B2C Operations Specialist you will handle product and promotion setup as well as maintain the product catalogue for IQOS owned channels. You will collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to gather requirements, analyze processes, and ensure that deployed products, promotions and capabilities are aligned with business goals and deliver measurable impact.
You will play a key role in supporting the business in running daily operations and translating commercial and operational needs into digital solutions.
YOUR DAY TO DAY:
Set up and configuration of product catalogue, pricing, and promotional campaigns to align with business needs.
Validate and publish products and promotions in PP/STG/PROD.
Coupon code creation and distribution.
Ensure that digital tools, applications, web (commerce) and processes function smoothly and efficiently across all touchpoints and with proper content.
Troubleshoot system issues and coordinate with IT and logistics partners to resolve technical problems and optimize workflow processes.
Raise, analyze and resolve any technical incidents ( e.g. Out of stock situations, limits bugs, web functionality degradation, etc)
Raising incident reports (JIRA, qbranch, interact)
Cooperating with logistics, content, CSC, F2F support and other teams"
Act as a subject matter expert for product catalogue and promotion management
Maintain up-to-date documentation for all supported solutions, providing clear and accessible resources for internal stakeholders.
Collaborate with internal teams, including Commercial and Business Intelligence to ensure smooth operation and alignment with business objectives and ensure that insights and decisions are grounded in accurate, comprehensive, and actionable data.
TOOLS YOU’LL WORK WITH:
In your daily work, you’ll encounter a diverse set of digital platforms and tools, including:  Syndigo, Hybris, Salesforce, Customer Data Platform (CDP), GIGYA, Adobe Experience Manager, Hybris, CeApp, Retail as a Service (RaaS); Salesforce Service Cloud as well as project & collaboration Tools: Atlassian suite (JIRA, Confluence), SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, Workfront
Employee perks, benefits
WHAT WE OFFER:
· 13th & 14th salary
· Extra days off
· Flexible working time
· Supplementary pension plan (III. pillar)
· Life & accident insurance
· MultiSport Card
· Employee Assistance Program
· Opportunities for career development & growth
· Work for a multinational company - certified Equal Salary & TopEmployer
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
WE’RE SEEKING SOMEONE WHO IS:
Proactive: You take initiative and drive tasks forward independently.
Detail-oriented: You spot inconsistencies and ensure precision in execution.
Analytical & innovative: You challenge the status quo, expand your knowledge, and enhance performance and processes.
“Want-to-Do” attitude: You’re motivated, curious, and eager to contribute, someone who doesn’t just complete tasks—but actively seeks out opportunities to improve, challenge the status quo, and make a meaningful impact.
Business-driven: You’re excited about participating in the growth of our Reduced Risk Product business.
Technical: Hands-on system maintenance and follow-up
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Philip Morris International is the world’s leading international tobacco company, with a diverse workforce of around 80,000 people. Six of the world's top international 15 brands, spanning more than 180 markets, are ours, including Marlboro, the world's number one. We operate 48 production facilities in 32 different countries.
Over the last decade we’re dedicated to doing something very dramatic – replacing cigarettes with the smoke-free products that we’re developing and selling.
That’s why we have a total of over 400 dedicated scientists, engineers, and technicians developing less harmful alternatives to cigarettes. It’s the biggest shift in our history. And it’s the right one for our consumers, our company, our shareholders, and society.
Number of employees
100-149 employees
Contact
Contact person: Personálne Oddelenie
E-mail:
send CV
Mám záujem
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
www.svetbezdymu.sk
www.facebook.com/PhilipMorrisSlovakia
NÁŠ SVET NIE JE POPOLNÍK
(worldnoashtray.com)
Ako sa zbaviť fajčenia? Najlepšou možnosťou je prestať fajčiť úplne a pokiaľ neprestanete, zvoľte lepšiu alternatívu oproti fajčeniu | Unsmoke.sk
(unsmokeyourworld.com)
ID:
5245247
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.3.2026
2026-03-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Product Owner
,
Promotional Assistant
,
Specialist Official
,
Team leader
Spoločnosť:
Philip Morris Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 250 EUR/month