Senior Developer
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Our opportunity
Senior React Developer #LI-Remote
Are you a motivated, hands-on, and innovative person, interested in working for one of the largest global insurers? Are you interested in solving complex business challenges? Then this job is definitely something for you.
We are looking for a
Senior React Developer
join the Zurich Integrated Benefits (ZIB) team. In this role, you will:
Solve high impact business problems in support of ZIB, which manages a global employee benefit platform and supports corporate life insurance business in multiple markets.
Be part of an entrepreneurially minded global team, which is daring to challenge the status quo,
Further develop your hard skills by working with internal and external analytics experts.
Your Skills and Experience
As a Senior React Developer, your skills and experience will ideally include:
5+ years of experience in development
Strong communication skills in English
Candidates must have experience doing hands on development building an application from the ground up;
Strong analytical aptitude and ability to learn new technologies in a short amount of time;
Strong attention to detail, and a passion for delivering high-quality code
Proven experience building reusable components for future use
Translating designs and wireframes into high quality code
Proficiency with JavaScript, React, and Typescript.
Experience with popular React libraries such as React Hook Form. Material UI and React Admin
Experience with integration with REST APIs
Knowledgeable in HTML and CSS. Ability to translate Figma wireframes into high‑quality React components
Experience with version control systems (Git)
Experience with Azure DevOps, CI/Cd pipelines
Experience of work in Agile teams
Employee perks, benefits
We offer
In accordance with the EU Pay Transparency Directive, the minimum gross monthly compensation for this position, determined based on objective and gender-neutral criteria, is 3 000 EUR/gross. The final compensation package will depend on the candidate’s qualifications and relevant experience.
Working time benefits
Personal days off, Concentrated work week, Additional vacation, Home office, Extra days off at occasion of childbirth, Sabbatical leave, Workcation
Monetary benefits
Life insurance from Zurich Austria, Compensation for salary loss during sick leave, 3rd pension pillar contribution, Risk Life Insurance, Meal contribution on top of the legally required minimum, Years of service bonus, Wedding bonus, Baby bonus
Other benefits
Electronic cafeteria, Maternity leave benefits, Massages in the office
Learning/Development
Professional Certifications, Online Education Portals, Extensive Onboarding program, Strengths based culture (GALLUP)
Location(s):
Bratislava
Hybrid working:
It would be nice to meet you in the office 3 times a week, if you live close by
Schedule:
Full-time
About us
At our company, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
4.4.2026
(there are still 29 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Information Technology
Language skills
English - Proficiency (C2)
Experience in the position/sector
Information Technology
Number of years of experience
4
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Zurich is a leading multi-line insurer that serves its customers in global and local markets. With about 60,000 employees it provides a wide range of property and casualty, life insurance products and services in more than 200 countries and territories. Zurich’s customers include individuals, small businesses, and mid-sized and large companies, as well as multinational corporations.
Zurich Slovakia is a Competence Center based in Bratislava and Kosice providing highly specialized services for Zurich's headquarter in Switzerland and all Zurich Business units around the globe. Our services are focusing on all types of actuarial services – Life and Non-life, pricing and reserving, on data science and engineering, risk management, business intelligence, information technology, software asset management as well as insurance network management and technical accounting. Our Competence Center employs around 400+ staff from 20+ different countries.
At Zurich Insurance, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Natalia Kuricova
Tel.:
+421905770695
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5245374
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.3.2026
2026-03-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.