ri-rpc.sk
Leading provider
of innovative and
reliable card
services
About us
Transformation Coordinator
Place of work
Námestie Mateja Korvína 1, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 100 EUR/month
minimum 2100 € + fix allowances twice a year + bonus (base salary depends on candidates level of experiences and skills)
About the role
We are looking for a new colleague to join our
Transformation Team
who will support and coordinate assigned transformation initiatives within the organization with the aim of improving process efficiency, service quality, and overall team performance.
Job description:
• Supports, coordinates, and is accountable for the end-to-end delivery of assigned transformation activities and activities with a focus on fraud prevention and chargeback in line with agreed team processes, scope, timelines, and effort estimates.
• Acts as the owner of assigned activities; defines objectives, business case, scope, benefits, and delivery plan.
• Coordinates expert teams and individuals across different areas to ensure successful delivery of activities.
• Coordinates activities focused on improving process efficiency and effectiveness.
• Proactively identifies opportunities and activities to improve the efficiency and quality of RPC services and products.
• Performs organizational, administrative, and process-related tasks with a focus on planning, coordinating, delivering, and monitoring activities.
• Ensures communication, change adoption, and management of organizational impacts of assigned activities.
• Tracks benefits and benefits realization after implementation.
• Provides mentoring and guidance to colleagues in the transformation team and fraud prevention and chargeback teams.
• Contributes to building the transformation program methodology within the transformation, fraud prevention, and chargeback teams (frameworks, standards, tools).
What qualifications are important for this job
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
• Minimum 2 years of relevant experience (education/experience exception may be approved by the manager based on the candidate profile)
• Experience in transformation, project/program management, process improvement, or consulting
• Experience managing complex activities across multiple departments
• Experience in financial services or IT environment is an advantage
• Project and process management (preferred)
• Advanced MS Office knowledge
• Basic IT knowledge (architecture, development, administration overview)
• Excellent communication, facilitation, and organizational skills
• Strategic, logical, and analytical thinking
• Ability to prioritize and make decisions, coordinate teams
• Jira, Confluence
• Knowledge of agile and hybrid methodologies
• Active English
Perks and benefits
Be in the middle of innovative payment technologies and delivering unique pioneering solutions within Raiffeisen Bank International Group in CEE. Develop your career and upgrade your potential within the RPC company.
Flexible home office and flexible working time
Extra days off: vacation plus, birthday day off and sick days
Multisport program
Sports facilities for employees: yoga, ice arena, mini futbal and volleyball
24/7 psychological helpline and sessions with professional counselors
Health care allowance
Development through internal and external trainings
Free coffee and tea at the workplace and regular fruit days
Office events, sports day, summer party and regular webinars
Cafeteria benefits system to choose benefit of your preference
Loyalty reward
Transportation allowance
Supplementary Pension plan contribution
Bike room and showers in the office
Who we are
Established in 2000 as a division of Tatra banka, RPC is a shared service centre of Raiffeisen Bank International (RBI).
In 2008, we evolved into a separate company, solidifying our position as a strategic hub for centralizing the group's card payment operations with specialization in card issuing, acquiring, fraud risk monitoring, and digital payments.
We bring fresh, innovative payment technologies across the European region, which guarantees our employees to be part of many exciting projects in multiple CEE countries.
Besides Tatra banka in Slovakia and UBB in Bulgaria, we are proud to have among our clients Raiffeisen banks from Austria, Albania, Czech Republic, Croatia, Romania, Hungary, Serbia, Ukraine, and Kosovo, which makes us one of the largest processing companies in the region.
Come be a part of RPC as we shape the future of payment technology! If you're passionate about innovation and want to join a collaborative and international team, we'd love to have you with us.
Number of employees
200-249 employees
Contact
Contact person: Pavlina Laukova
E-mail:
send CV
APPLY FOR A JOB
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Make it happen
ID:
5245677
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.3.2026
2026-03-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Co-ordinator
,
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Raiffeisen Processing Centre (RPC)
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 100 EUR/month