Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Ponúkaná mzda (brutto)
From 1 630 EUR/month
Product Offer Management Lead Specialist
Orientačná celková mzda (brutto)
From 1 630 EUR/month
Product Offer Management Lead Specialist
Bratislava, Slovakia
Product Document Management is key to deploying and managing product data for initial release of our products and any engineering changes that follow. The team is also crucial to managing products and peripheral components though product release and the associated change activities post release. Put simply, they help to keep our game-changing products at their ground-breaking best. Along the way, the team works directly with diverse functions to help guide project management in the definition, design, building and shipping of systems configuration requirements.
Join us to do the best work of your career and make a profound social impact as a
Product Offer Management Lead Specialist
on our
Product Offer Management Team
in
Bratislava, Slovakia
.
What you’ll achieve
As a Product Offer Management Lead Specialist, you will deploy and manage product data for initial release of our products and any engineering changes that follow, working directly with diverse functions to guide in the definition, design, building and shipping of systems configuration requirements.
You will:
Participate in medium-sized projects with agreed timelines and quality standards
Manage product data
Audit, validate and manage submittals of Product Data (PD) requests
Take the first step towards your dream career
Every Dell Technologies team member brings something unique to the table. Here’s what we are looking for with this role:
Essential Requirements
Bachers degree in Data Management, Business Management
At least 2 years of relevant experience in a similar position managing product data
Basic knowledge of product data and basic systems application knowledge
Advanced Excel, as well as intermediate knowledge of Macro development & animation, Power BI
Proven track of Project Management experience
Desirable Requirements
RPA, SQL
Salary starting from:
1 630 EUR gross/monthly
Who we are
We believe that each of us has the power to make an impact. That’s why we put our team members at the center of everything we do. If you’re looking for an opportunity to grow your career with some of the best minds and most advanced tech in the industry, we’re looking for you.
Dell Technologies is a unique family of businesses that helps individuals and organizations transform how they work, live and play. Join us to build a future that works for everyone because Progress Takes All of Us.
Application closing date:
15.03.2026
Dell Technologies is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Read the full Equal Employment Opportunity Policy here.
Job ID:
R284234
Benefity
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5245172
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.3.2026
2026-03-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Database Administrator
,
Marketing Manager
,
Marketing Specialist
,
Product Manager
Spoločnosť:
Dell Technologies
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 630 EUR/month