Join Our Team as a Senior Business/Data Analyst
ADASTRA, s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, agreement-based (Temporary jobs), trade licence
Wage (gross)
2 900 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable. We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Do you enjoy working at the
intersection of business and technology
?
Are you confident not only in gathering requirements, but also in working
hands-on with data and understanding technical implications
?
We are currently seeking a technically strong and results-driven
Senior Business and Data Analyst
to join our team!
You will work with business stakeholders, IT teams, and data professionals in Banking and Financial Services and Pharmaceutical environments, acting as the bridge between business objectives and technical implementation. Your tasks will include business analysis, data analysis, data modeling, data mining, and solution design.
Your daily responsibilities will include:
Gather, analyze, and validate business and data requirements with stakeholders
Translate business needs, analysis of existing business processes (As-Is reviews)
Collect and analyse process data, hands-on data analysis, data profiling (SQL)
Elaborate suggestions for Business process improvements (To-Be)
You  will work closely with cross-functional teams to identify opportunities for improvement, support business processes, and implement data-driven solutions.
The role involves both data analysis and business process improvement, requiring a strong understanding of data tools, methodologies, and business operations.
The job will offer you opportunities to participate in international projects in Central and South-Eastern Europe.
We are looking for people who share with us the passion that working with data and people is fun and a “mission”, not a “job”.
Employee perks, benefits
​• You will have an immense opportunity and our support to grow professionally, working on leading data analytics projects and technologies in the region
​• You will work in an environment which will stand behind you, support you in your growth, and which will value your work through competitive salary and a bonus structure
​Professional growth
​• Access to the latest technology and know-how
​• Personalized professional development plans
​• Young, dynamic and professional team
​• Potential to work on international projects
​• Unmatched opportunities for professional growth
​• Adastra Academy - wide range of leading-edge trainings & certifications, workshops, language courses
​Sport & Health
​• Adastra Skiing – four days in Austria
​• Adastra Health Days – various workshops about health, nature & the environment
​• Adastra RUN – support of running activities
​• Adastra Teambuilding activities
​• Multisport card, which grants access to hundreds of different gyms, studios and swimming pools
​Family-oriented benefits
​• ADASTRA family weekend – a weekend spent in the Slovak mountains hiking and a full-weekend program for children (creative workshops, carnival, etc.)
​• Birthday present
​• Wedding bonus
​• New baby bonus – one day off and a financial bonus​
Information about the selection process
We look forward to working with you, and you becoming an Adastran!
In case of interest, do not hesitate to send us your Curriculum Vitae in English language. We will contact only candidates who match the profile we are looking for. Thank you for your understanding.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Mathematics, Economics, Data Science, Business Analysis, Big Data, Data Analysis, Data Mining, Data Business Intelligence
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
SQL - Skillful
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
Minimum 5 years of experience as a Business Analyst, Data Analyst, or in a similar senior analytical role
Strong hands-on experience in data analysis, data profiling, and SQL (real practical knowledge and experience ideally from the Banking and Financial Services or Pharma industry)
Working experience with metadata tools (PowerDesigner, BI Architect,...) is an asset
Experience within the Banking and Financial Services industry
Advanced experience with Process Management
Proven experience translating business needs into clear functional and non-functional requirements
Experience conducting gap analysis and impact assessments
Data modelling experience
Strong analytical thinking and excellent organizational skills
Consulting mindset with proactive, solution-oriented approach
Ability to communicate effectively between business and technical stakeholders
Very good English language skills
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
At Adastra, we transform the Data & Analytics space by providing cutting-edge Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Cloud, Digital and Governance services. Our consultants specialize in transforming enterprise applications and collaborate across functions, competencies, and sectors to help our clients harness and leverage their data assets, accelerate innovation, improve operational excellence, and create unforgettable customer experiences.
Adastra has been recognized as one of Canada’s Best Managed Companies for 16 consecutive years, reinforcing our position as a best-in-class organization known for strategic excellence, innovation, and culture. People are at the core of Adastra's capabilities, and the Adastra Group has 2,500 consultants actualizing projects across 13 global branches. In 2020, the group's annual revenue crossed $230 millions. For more information, please check www.adastracorp.com
Number of employees
100-149 employees
Contact
Contact person: Dáša Noskovičová
Tel.:
+421911160750
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5245753
Dátum zverejnenia:
5.3.2026
2026-03-05
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Data Analyst
,
Data Scientist
,
Database Analyst
Spoločnosť:
ADASTRA, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 900 EUR/month