Software Test Engineer
Moxymind s. r. o.
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 400 EUR/month
Final salary depends on candidates experience and skills.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
​We are now looking for Software Test Engineer to join the Moxymind team to work on a long term project for one of our clients operating in the energy industry. You will contribute to quality assurance of software systems and/or applications in order to deliver information technology components based on client or customer requirements.​
As a Software Test Engineer with us you will:
Perform testing, defect management, and QA activities for new and existing software products.
Execute system, regression, integration, performance, and user acceptance testing.
Analyze business requirements and design manual and automated test cases.
Identify, document, and track software defects and support their resolution.
Work independently on complex systems and infrastructure components.
Collaborate with Product Owners, end users, and stakeholders to clarify functionality and resolve issues.
Plan and perform integration and customer acceptance testing.
Prepare test plans and track qualitative and quantitative testing metrics.
Ensure testing is timely, structured, and repeatable.
Employee perks, benefits
​Yearly budget for education
​Yearly budget for tech appliances
​Multisport card
​Flexible working hours
​Opportunity to work from home​
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Personality requirements and skills
You should have:
Bachelor’s Degree or relevant experience in Software engineering.
3+ years of software testing experience (manual and automation).
3+ years more of test automation framework design and development experience.
3+ years of prior either functional or object-oriented coding experience in modern programming languages like JavaScript/TypeScript, Java or Python.
Strong development skills in the following technologies and tools: Cypress, MochaJS.
Strong experience in testing Webservices (REST APIs - Selenium, Cucumber, ReadyAPI, etc.).
Strong understanding of Agile methodology.
You communicate in Slovak and English.
Nice to have:
Experience designing and maintaining API test automation frameworks.
Hands-on experience developing automation within CI/CD environments.
Experience with end-to-end, system, and integration testing.
Ability to create test scripts, test cases, test data, and SQL queries.
Experience with Playwright, full-stack testing, and third-party integrations.
Familiarity with TDD, code reviews, Salesforce, and Agile practices.
Knowledge of DevOps tools (e.g., Azure DevOps, Jenkins, Git) and microservices architecture.
Experience with load, security, and performance testing.
Strong documentation, communication, collaboration skills, and ability to adapt in complex environments.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Moxymind's vision is to create the best place to work for smart and talented people. We founded Moxymind in 2014 with the goal of making software testing better. We believe in innovation and progress. Better software, better world.
https://www.moxymind.eu/
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Zuzana Skotnická
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5246246
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.3.2026
2026-03-06
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Automation Test Engineer
,
IT Tester
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Moxymind s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 400 EUR/month