Test Developer
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Place of work
: Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Wage (gross)
:
2 400 EUR/month
The salary in the job add is a minimal guaranteed base salary and can be higher - depending on the skills, level, education, professional experience, technological know-how.
Contract type
: full-time
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Test developer is part of SW Testing team and is responsible for testing of software for applications monitoring and controlling industrial processes - ComoDataCenter and akvisIO.
Ensure the effective implementation of tests and testing strategies in collaboration with Product Owner and other technical roles (e.g. test developers, software developers, product managers etc.)
Design test cases based on requirements and use cases
Create and perform automated and manual tests
Establish and maintain the test environment
Maintain traceability of tests to requirements
Report defects and retest the bug fixes
Ensure the project adheres to non‑functional requirements by executing tests focused on stability, performance, error handling, etc.
Create documentation required by Corporate Guidelines for testing (test plan, test report, etc.)
Report test results to the Test Manager, including depth and coverage of testing
Provide feedback on quality and consistency of requirements and specifications (testability, UI usability, effort estimation accuracy, etc.)
Assist the Product Owner to solve business issues related to testing
Create Robot Framework & Python libraries for testing automation
Employee perks, benefits
The way we work
Hybrid working model – based on the agreement with your team lead. We trust that you know how to organize your time to stay productive
Regular performance review and career growth possibilities
A dynamic and challenging role in a global company
Collaborative and supportive team culture
Close collaboration with business drivers and key users
Support for ongoing professional development to expand your technical and professional knowledge
Health & Well-being
Electric stand-up desk and ergonomic chair
100% salary reimbursement for 10 days of sick leave
25 days of vacation for everybody
Recognition
Compensation of overtimes
Compensation of travelling time in case of business trip (extra allowance)
Flexible Benefit System - starting from 1000€ per year in the Benefit Plus portal - platform with thousands of suppliers of your choice, including Kistler specific offerings
Attractive referral bonus
Extra contribution in significant life events – weddings and childbirths, rehousing
Relocation bonus for employees who are moving because of Kistler (over 100 km)
Career & Development
Online English & German language courses
Library, Online Educational Portals: Pluralsight, Safari books, LeanPub, Egghead
Social life
Team-buildings, Company breakfast, Christmas Party, Grill Party, etc.
Football table and board games in the office
Extra benefits
Special offers and discounts (Metro cards, SND, Curaprox etc.)
Lunch tickets in amount of 8,00 EUR
Great coffee, tea, fresh fruit
Information about the selection process
Do you like it so far? Let us know, send us your CV. After receiving and reviewing your CV we will contact you for short telephone pre-screen. Following this, if successful, we will set up meeting with your future team leader and one of our technical specialist for more detailed discussion about your experience and motivation and to answer your questions about company and project itself. The final stage of the hiring process is meeting with head of Kistler Bratislava to get to know you better and align on the personal and position expectations. Our HR colleagues will be informing and guiding you through every step of this process. Good luck. We are looking forward to meeting you.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
2
Personality requirements and skills
Must Have
Bachelor or Master degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or Computer Science
3+ years of experience in a relevant field
Knowledge of test methods, strategies, and processes
Familiarity with testing and test automation tools (Robot Framework preferred, PyTest)
Experience with scripting languages (Python, Bash)
Experience with test management
Good English communication skills (written and spoken)
Experience with Agile development (Scrum, Kanban)
Affinity for working in an international environment
Nice to Have
ISTQB certification or similar
Experience with data acquisition equipment
Experience testing user interfaces
Experience with Git
Experience with Jira
Experience with CI tools
Analytical and systematic working style
Service‑ and customer‑oriented mindset
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Einsteinova 33
851 01 Bratislava, Slovakia
+421 948 377 105
, Natália Shalanová, HR Generalist
Kistler Holding AG
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5246645
Dátum zverejnenia:
8.3.2026
2026-03-08
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 400 EUR/month