Company profile
Current openings
SK
EN
Product Owner Content Delivery
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
Upon Agreement
Wage (gross)
From 1 800 EUR/month
* Depends on experience
Information about the position
What will you be in charge of?
We are looking for a key person to take the helm of our Product Information Management (PIM) system and ensure that our data flows smoothly, accurately, and efficiently. Are you at home with technical processes, but also know how to keep stakeholders on board? Then we are looking for you.
What will be your main agenda:
Complete oversight and development of our PIM (Product Information Management) solution.
Translating needs into understandable tasks (writing and tracking tickets) that your colleagues can handle with ease.
If you see a "glitch" in the content or processes, you don't wait for instructions, you propose solutions.
Care for the insertion, management, and editing of product information on our websites.
Creation and configuration of scenarios in the Akeneo tool, their automation and optimization.
Technical adjustments and checking the accuracy of data displayed through this tool.
Utilizing the potential of this tool to display available information about this product as effectively as possible.
What benefits do we offer?
Teambuildings – Meet your colleagues in informal setting and let yourself loose during our  parties. One thing we can assure you of is that in BBG we know how to party.
Coffee bar – Help yourself to sweets and fresh fruit, sparkling water, tea or coffee to the heart’s content.
Employee discounts – Save 30% on anything from our brands (like Klarstein or Capital Sports). Kitchen appliances, top-notch sound systems, garden furniture ... you will surely choose something from 2500 products we have on offer.
Multisport card – Free access to hundreds of sport centres, wellness centres, gyms or classes (yoga, dance, etc.) all around the country. Almost completely paid for by us.
Bonuses for special occasions – We realize, that work is only a part of your life, and will support you on your personal journey as well.
Sick days – On top of an annual leave, you have a few paid sick days you can use to recover.
Slovnaft BAjk – If you want to commute by bicycle, we will chip in on your Slovnaft BAjk subscription (bike sharing in Bratislava).
A wide range of courses – Increase your professional expertise, get hang of people skills or anything else that will help your professional (and personal) life.
English/German/Slovak lessons – Learn new language or step up your game on one of the professional courses. You can join a lessons with a professional lector online from anywhere!
We offer also place you can leave your bike and after that you can chill in our chill zone, or just took a massage from our massage chair.
Pet friendly office, bring your pet to cheer us!
And we expect you to...
You have an education
Secondary without school-leaving examination
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
E-commerce, Content Management, Data Administration
You speak foreign languages
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
and
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
You have years of experience
3
And you will fit in with us because you have these qualities
The ideal candidate for us is someone who has already encountered the Akeneo tool (or a similar PIM system).
However, you still have a chance even if you are not an Akeneo expert! If you are technically proficient, familiar with data, and a quick learner, we will be happy to train you in everything.
Candidate requirements:
Experience with product management or data/content management.
Technical mindset and ability to understand complex systems.
Excellent communication skills (you will be in contact with various departments).
Proactive approach – we are looking for a "doer," not a passive recipient of tasks.
English at a level that allows you to communicate fluently.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Start your career with Klarstein
Join us and become part of a team that creates stylish, functional and high-quality products for everyday life, while also developing your career.
Corporate culture
At Klarstein, "Designing better living" begins with how we work together. With colleagues from over 60 countries, we celebrate diversity and build a culture of belonging. We form strong relationships, support each other, and grow as one team.
In our dynamic e-commerce environment, we value initiative, pragmatism, and a hands-on approach. Short decision-making processes and cross-departmental collaboration create constant opportunities to learn and make a real impact.
Our employees appreciate the support they receive from leaders and colleagues, as well as the open, friendly atmosphere we build through collaboration, events, and flexible hybrid working. Together, we create the growth, balance, and autonomy that make better living possible—starting with ourselves.
Learn more
Join our team!
We are always looking for people who bring passion, curiosity, and the right skills.
Number of employees
100-149 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mária Kubíková
E-mail:
send CV
I am interested
Berlin Brands Group, a.s.
Grosslingova 6-8 81109 Bratislava, Slovakia
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5246339
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.3.2026
2026-03-06
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Data Analyst
,
IT System Administrator
,
Process Manager
,
Systems Administrator
Spoločnosť:
KLARSTEIN (Berlin Brands Group)
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 800 EUR/month