Junior Solution Specialist
Huawei Technologies (Czech) s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 440 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About Huawei
Huawei is a leading global provider of information and communications technology (ICT) infrastructure and smart devices. With integrated solutions across four key domains – telecom networks, IT, smart devices, and cloud services – we are committed to bringing digital to every person, home and organization for a fully connected, intelligent world.
At Huawei, innovation focuses on customer needs. We invest heavily in basic research, concentrating on technological breakthroughs that drive the world forward. We have more than 207,000 employees, and we operate in more than 170 countries and regions.
Huawei's end-to-end portfolio of products, solutions and services are both competitive and secure. Through open collaboration with ecosystem partners, we create lasting value for our customers, working to empower people, enrich home life, and inspire innovation in organizations of all shapes and sizes.
Junior Solution Specialist
Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Main Responsibilities:
Learn how to design and optimize technical solutions for customers
Get hands-on experience with Radio, Transmission, IP, Core Network, and IT solutions
Support sales strategies and product planning to grow our market share
Work with Account Managers and project teams to deliver successful projects
Assist in preparing quotations, documentation, and project bids
Follow the latest industry trends and join high-level events and exhibitions
Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree is required, preferred in Telecommunication, Electronics, or related studies
Basic knowledge of the telecommunication industry and first experiences would be an asset
Curious, motivated, and eager to learn
Team player with good communication skills
Able to work full-time and on-site
Able to work in a diversified and cross-cultural organization
Language: Fluent in Slovak and English Intermediate level.
What We Offer:
Motivational salary package based on individual skills, experience and qualifications starting from 1440 EUR per month
Training and mentoring from experienced solution managers
Exposure to cutting-edge telecom technologies
Opportunities to grow into senior technical or business roles
Be part of a global company shaping the future of connectivity
Meal allowance, cafeteria, annual bonus
Unlimited access to internal learning platform
Involvement in real projects, practical tasks
Interested? Please apply with your documents in English. Applications without CV will not be considered.
Important: To be considered for this role, applicants must be eligible to work and live in the job location.
Privacy Statement:
We are committed to protecting your privacy by following the local legal data privacy legislation. If you decide to continue your contact with Huawei, you are giving us your consent to process your data. Please note that your data will be treated confidentially and securely.
https://career.huawei.com/socRecruitment/euportal/portal/privacy-notice.html
With your application, you agree with our Recruitment Privacy Statement.
If you have any queries in regards to Huawei Europe Data Privacy, please feel free to contact our European Data Protection Officer by clicking here: https://www.huawei.com/en/personal-data-request
Employee perks, benefits
Cell phone
Foreign business trips
Meal tickets / catering allowance
Bonuses
Holidays 5 weeks
Notebook
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education
Advertiser
Contact
Contact person: Volodymyr Bilavka
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5246602
Dátum zverejnenia:
7.3.2026
2026-03-07
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Solution Architect
Spoločnosť:
Huawei Technologies (Czech) s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 440 EUR/month