Test Analyst
SOITRON, s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
1 700 EUR/month
From 1 700 EUR/month. Our final offer will depend on the seniority and expertise of a candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Job Responsibilities:
• Performs comprehensive testing activities, including planning, design, scripting, execution, debugging, and reporting for card management system and back office processing.
• Executes functional, regression, integration tests, and User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
• Ensures the successful execution and completion of certification and testing functions for products, systems, processes, and/or files.
• Reviews and analyzes requirements, creates detailed test cases, analyzes testing outputs, performs low and/or high-level testing, and provides clear reports on testing status and results.
• Updates documentation and specifications as needed.
• Conducts post-test execution activities, including error debugging (or defect reporting), reporting needs, and managing internal and external communications.
• Participates in daily project and other team meetings to facilitate smooth hand-offs and collaboration.
• Drives continuous improvement across all processes, including team standards, test planning, resourcing and test execution, as well as debugging, metric collection, and reporting.
Employee perks, benefits
• Hybrid way of working ( 60%home office)
• Contribution to pension plan
• 3 paid sick leave days per year
• Benefits package – 275€ per year
• Multisport card
• Long term career development
• Hard & Soft skills trainings
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Intermediate (B1)
Personality requirements and skills
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Intermediate (B1)
and
Slovak - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
1
Personality requirements and skills
•Minimum 1 year of experience in testing area (test cases preparation, execution and evaluation of test results)
•Basic understanding of transaction processing formats
•Basic knowledge of industry association rules and the products & services offered to our customers
•Basic understanding of business processes and functions
It is an advantage if you have these abilities:
•Oracle PL/SQL – beginner level
•Unix – beginner level
•SOAP UI - beginner level
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
SOITRON (member of SOITRON Group) is a Central European IT integrator operating in the market since 1991. The company's philosophy is to constantly move forward, which is why it is a leader in implementing unique technologies and innovative solutions.
It offers clients products and services in the field of network and communication solutions, cybersecurity, data centres, IT outsourcing, IT support, and advisory.
Its portfolio includes smart police car solutions – Mosy and cybersecurity services – void SOC (Security Operations Center).
Soitron Group employs more than 850 international experts, with professional teams in Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Romania, Turkey, Bulgaria, Poland, and the UK.
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Barbora Kormančíková
Tel.:
+421905381798
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5246151
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.3.2026
2026-03-06
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Tester
Spoločnosť:
SOITRON, s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 700 EUR/month