Junior Programmer – German Speaker
KANTAR GDC Bratislava s.r.o.
Place of work
SKY PARK Offices I Alto Real Estate, Bottova, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
1 700 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the Job
Support the entire project lifecycle by clarifying timelines, checking documentation, programming and verifying questionnaires, ensuring data quality, preparing samples and reports, and providing expert advice on data processing. This role is critical to delivering accurate and timely insights for clients and maintaining Kantar’s reputation for excellence.
You will collaborate with project managers and operations teams to ensure seamless execution of research projects. Your contribution will directly impact data integrity and client satisfaction, while offering opportunities to develop technical expertise and creative problem-solving skills.
Job Goals
Clarify project timelines and requirements during pre-project meetings.
Program and test online/offline questionnaires to meet usability and accuracy standards.
Validate data quality and ensure compliance with research integrity guidelines.
Prepare samples and generate reports to support project outcomes.
Provide consultancy on questionnaire programming and data storage.
Contribute to process improvements and share knowledge in team meetings.
Support training initiatives and mentor junior team members where needed.
Ideal Skills and Capabilities
Fluency in
German and English
, with confidence in handling calls.
Strong technical skills in questionnaire programming and data validation.
Ability to combine technical expertise with managerial oversight for project coordination.
Creative thinking and problem-solving to optimize processes and deliver solutions.
Experience in consulting or advisory roles within data processing or research environments.
Why Join Kantar?
We shape the brands of tomorrow by better understanding people everywhere. By understanding people, we can understand what drives their decisions, actions, and aspirations on a global scale. And by amplifying our in-depth expertise of human understanding alongside ground-breaking technology, we help brands find concrete insights that will help them succeed in our fast-paced, ever-shifting world.
And because we know people, we make sure our own people are looked after as well. Equality of opportunity for everyone is our highest priority, and we support colleagues to work in ways that promote health and wellbeing. While we encourage teams to spend part of their working week in the office, we understand no one size fits all; our approach is flexible to ensure everybody feels included and accepted. We’re dedicated to creating an inclusive culture and value the diversity of our people, clients, suppliers, and communities. Even if you feel like you’re not an exact match, we’d love to receive your application and talk to you about this job or others at Kantar.
Privacy and Legal Statement
At Kantar, the diversity of our employees provides a richer environment for our employees and broader depth and breadth of thinking for our clients. Kantar is committed to inclusion and diversity; therefore, we welcome applications from all sections of society and do not discriminate based on age, race, religion, gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, marital status, or any other legally protected characteristics.
Privacy Disclosure:
By applying to this opportunity, you consent to the personal data you provide being processed and retained by The Kantar Group Limited (“Kantar”). Your details will be kept on our Internal ATS (Applicant Tracking System) for as long as necessary for recruitment purposes, which may include sharing your details with the hiring manager.
Employee perks, benefits
Life Leave Benefit
: Employees can take time off for significant life events.
Mental Health Day Off
: A dedicated day off for mental health.
Tools for Learning and Continuous Development
: Access to platforms like LinkedIn Learning and Workday Learning.
Parental Leave Benefit
: Support for new parents..
Volunteering Hours
: 16 hours allocated for volunteering activities.
Mental Healthcare
: Free consultations with a mentor or psychologist for employees and their family members
.. and more!
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
German - Upper intermediate (B2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Global Delivery Centre (GDC) is a project management and analytical hub that is a part of Kantar - world’s leading marketing data and analytics company. We have a complete, unique and rounded understanding of how people think, feel and act; globally and locally in over 90 markets. By combining the deep expertise of our people, our data resources and benchmarks and our innovative analytics and technology, we help our clients understand people and inspire growth.
Our global operational capabilities are centralized in several scalable Delivery Centers located in Bratislava, India, Colombia, Philippines, and Egypt. Center of Excellence is established in the Czech Republic to provide enhanced research services. We work with some of the largest brands in the world, in various research disciplines, including advertising effectiveness, brand health, and public opinion.
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Aleksandra
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5246287
Dátum zverejnenia:
6.3.2026
2026-03-06
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
KANTAR GDC Bratislava s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 700 EUR/month