O nás
Otvorené pozície
Key Account Specialist
Miesto práce
Bratislava
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Termín nástupu
asap
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
2 250 EUR/mesiac
Legal gross salary for this position start from 2250€ / month
Informácie o pracovnom mieste
Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednosti
We’ve built the world’s most successful tobacco company, with the world’s most popular and iconic brands. Now we’ve made a dramatic decision. We’re building PMI’s future on smoke-free products. We have developed a range of completely new, innovative product platforms. Our dream is to convert every adult smoker that would otherwise continue to smoke, to these smoke-free platforms. To help us achieve our dream, we need your help.
Responsibilities:
Support Key Account team - prepare inputs for quarterly meeting, reports, etc.
Collect and analyze data to identify potential threats and business growth opportunities
Contribute to development and implementation of KA trade strategy
Monitor and ensure fulfillment of sales performance targets and business plan objectives, propose corrective actions in case of deviations
Liaise and closely cooperate with other departments - mainly Marketing and Commercial Planning, Deployment and Reporting department and Finance (financial reconciliations and payments)
Coordinate and evaluate compliance checks against agreed conditions
Monitor budget accuracy and pre-assess ROI
Contribute to maintaining good relationship with customers
Zamestnanecké výhody, benefity
WHAT WE OFFER:
· 13th & 14th salary
· Extra days off
· Flexible working time
· Supplementary pension plan (III. pillar)
· Life & accident insurance
· MultiSport Card
· Employee Assistance Program
· Opportunities for career development & growth
· Work for a multinational company - certified Equal Salary & TopEmployer
Legal gross salary for this position start from 2680€ / month
Požiadavky na zamestnanca
Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelaním
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
vysokoškolské III. stupňa
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Stredne pokročilý (B2)
Osobnostné predpoklady a zručnosti
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Minimum of 1-year experience in data analysis/business development/planning
Analytical thinking | strong customer orientation | commercial awareness
Strong capability in planning, collaboration and problem-solving
High-performing | action-oriented
Advanced level of Slovak (B2) and English language (B2)
Inzerujúca spoločnosť
Stručná charakteristika spoločnosti
Philip Morris International is the world’s leading international tobacco company, with a diverse workforce of around 80,000 people. Six of the world's top international 15 brands, spanning more than 180 markets, are ours, including Marlboro, the world's number one. We operate 48 production facilities in 32 different countries.
Over the last decade we’re dedicated to doing something very dramatic – replacing cigarettes with the smoke-free products that we’re developing and selling.
That’s why we have a total of over 400 dedicated scientists, engineers, and technicians developing less harmful alternatives to cigarettes. It’s the biggest shift in our history. And it’s the right one for our consumers, our company, our shareholders, and society.
Počet zamestnancov
100-149 zamestnancov
Kontakt
Kontaktná osoba: Personálne Oddelenie
E-mail:
poslať životopis
Mám záujem
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
www.svetbezdymu.sk
www.facebook.com/PhilipMorrisSlovakia
NÁŠ SVET NIE JE POPOLNÍK
(worldnoashtray.com)
Ako sa zbaviť fajčenia? Najlepšou možnosťou je prestať fajčiť úplne a pokiaľ neprestanete, zvoľte lepšiu alternatívu oproti fajčeniu | Unsmoke.sk
(unsmokeyourworld.com)
ID:
5247626
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.3.2026
2026-03-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Account executive
,
Dátový analytik
,
Odborný radca
,
Odborný referent
,
Projektový manažér
Spoločnosť:
Philip Morris Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 250 EUR/mesiac