Technical writer & Pre-sales Engineer (networking)
NetCore j.s.a.
Place of work
CASSOVAR, Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
Actual salary depends on contract type.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Who we are:
We are an original Slovak software company. Since we are not part of any foreign parent group, everything - from product development and customer support to growth and sales - is managed entirely in-house. We have developed our own product, Unimus, which we sell globally. Our network automation and management solution is used by organizations of all sizes - from small local networks, through data centers and telecom operators, to well-known companies outside the IT sector.
We focus on building things that make sense - not only for today, but also with a long-term perspective. If meaningful work and real impact are important to you, you’re in the right place. Every member of our sales team has a direct influence on the company’s direction and growth.
We are looking for someone who:
comes from a networking background
loves network automation and monitoring
likes learning and finding creative solutions to challenging problems
can write technical articles and talk to technical customers
Core Responsibilities:
researching and writing technical articles
engaging with customers and creating architectural docs for them
representing our company at conferences and industry events, including hosting a booth
In detail, your role will include:
writing technical articles & guides for our blog
writing technical documentation for our Wiki
pre-sales tech demo calls and tech Q&A sessions with customers
creating sizing and architecture recommendation documents for customers
attending networking & telco conferences as a company representative
This is a highly technical role, as all our customers are network and system administrators, and all our content is designed for a technical audience. You can check
https://blog.unimus.net
to see examples of what you would work on. If you’re passionate about learning new technologies and want to be paid to research and “play” with cool tech in the networking & sysadmin area, this job could be a perfect fit.
Technical Requirements:
3+ years of past networking experience
deep understanding of router/switch configuration
comfortable with configuring network devices using CLI
understanding of ISO/OSI model
deep Linux knowledge and Bash scripting abilities
fluent English (technical acumen) - C1 level
Personality Requirements:
ability to communicate and work with technical customers
politeness, people skills
ability to write articles/content
willing to research and find solutions to problems
independent and motivated
Nice-to-know:
APIs, REST, XML, JSON, etc.
Databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, MSSQL, etc.)
GIT, Python
Employee perks, benefits
Employee stock options
- a share in the company you are helping to grow
Flexible cooperation model
- internal or external engagement based on your preference
Hybrid setup
- we can meet online two days a week
Extra time off
- additional days of vacation between Christmas and New Year’s
Professional development
- we’ll support the learning method you prefer (courses, books, trainings, etc.)
Burrito Fridays
- yes, burritos every Friday, covered by the company
Team-building events
- at least four times a year, enjoyable for the whole team and their families
VR, darts, and calcetto
- we play daily, and occasionally organize friendly tournaments
In-office massages
- because eight hours at a desk can take its toll
Shower and locker room
- ideal if you bike to work or run in the mornings
Pet-friendly office
- if your dog helps with your work, bring them along
Sabbatical after 3 years
- take time off to recharge without guilt
and on top of all that, you’ll have access to parking, too.
Information about the selection process
- We’ll start with a short call to discuss expectations and get to know each other.
- Next, you’ll join a Zoom interview with our management team.
- Then, we’ll invite you for an on-site interview with the team.
- For this role, you’ll also complete a networking assignment to showcase your skills.
- Finally, if all goes well, we’ll be happy to present you with a job offer!
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Language skills
Slovak - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
Networking - Advanced
Linux - Advanced
Bash Scripting - Skillful
Command Line Interface (CLI) - Skillful
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
We are a Slovakian-founded software company dedicated to developing our own network automation and management software suite (https://unimus.net). Fully independent, we create solutions that impact the world of network management on a global scale - from small local networks to national telecom carriers.
Currently, we’re enhancing our software suite by developing a new product.
Contact
Contact person: Alexandra Kuhajdíková
Tel.:
+421905329467
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5247082
Dátum zverejnenia:
9.3.2026
2026-03-09
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Network Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
,
Technical Writer
Spoločnosť:
NetCore j.s.a.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month