Data Engineer (Python, Databricks)
GoodWill Recruitment, s.r.o.
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 300 - 2 800 EUR/month
+13th and Annual bonus. The salary amount depends on the candidate's experience and seniority. Each candidate is assessed individually.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Design, develop, and implement data models, ETL processes, and data pipelines to ensure efficient and accurate data flow using Databricks.
Provide technical guidance, mentoring, and support.
Implementing and enforcing architectural standards and frameworks to ensure a flexible and scalable data environment.
Collaborating with cross-functional teams to gather requirements, analyze data, and design effective solutions.
Hands-on development of Python/ Spark-based scripts and applications to support data processing and transformation.
Utilizing tools such as Databricks Notebooks, Azure Data Factory, and Change Data Capture (CDC) for orchestrating and managing data workflows.
Optimize and enhance existing data infrastructure and systems for performance, scalability, and reliability.
Playing a key role in DevOps activities, including deployment of jobs and required infrastructure setup.
Staying updated with the latest industry trends and technologies in data engineering and analytics.
Employee perks, benefits
Individual career program for employees.
Guaranteed 13th salary.
Annual bonus.
Travel allowance.
Year-over-year salary increase.
Extra pocket money for business trips abroad.
Discounted meals in the canteen.
Rewards for implemented improvements.
Annual benefits package for sports, health, culture, relaxation, and shopping.
Option to work from home twice a week.
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Automotive industry, manufacture of transport equipment
An international manufacturing company operating in the automotive industry.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Information Technology
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
2+ Years of experience in the field of Data Engineering & Analytics.
Understanding of Data warehousing, engineering & ETL concepts.
Experience in Databricks development using Python, PySpark & DLT Pipelines.
Experience working with databases and various types of data storage.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Time and project management skills, with the ability to prioritize and multitask as needed.
Goal orientation and holistic thinking and action.
Experience working with Azure / AWS.
Certifications in relevant data technologies will be an added advantage.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Sme GoodWill Recruitment - Vaši kariérni inovátori. Ak chcete zmenu a máte chuť napredovať, pozrieme sa s vami na to, aké možnosti máte vo svojom segmente a zistíme, akú výzvu vám vieme ponúknuť. Vyhľadávame špecialistov v oblasti výroby, vývoja, logistiky, elektrotechniky, informačných technológií, financií či ľudských zdrojov. Môžeme sľúbiť osobný prístup, férovosť a čestnosť. Sme Goodwill Recruitment - spájame správnych ľudí so správnymi firmami.
Vážime si váš prejavený záujem a ďakujeme za zaslanie životopisu. Kontaktovať budeme kandidátov, ktorí spĺňajú požiadavky na danú pozíciu.
Contact
Contact person: Ján Hajnik
Tel.:
+421948614486
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5248145
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.3.2026
2026-03-10
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Data Analyst
,
Data Engineer
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
GoodWill Recruitment, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 300 EUR/month