Principal Product Manager
Websupport, s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 350 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Company overview
Websupport is part of team.blue - an ecosystem of 60+ successful brands working together across 22 European countries to provide its 3.5 million SMB customers with everything they need to succeed online by offering best-in-class expertise and services.
team.blue's brands are a mix of traditional hosting businesses that offer services from domain names, email, shared hosting, e-commerce, and server hosting solutions and, as specialist SaaS providers, adjacent products such as compliance, marketing tools, and team collaboration products. This broad product offering makes it a one-stop partner for online businesses and entrepreneurs across Europe.
About the job
You'll be the connective tissue between strategy and execution for some of our most ambitious platform consolidation initiatives in the team.blue Nordics & CEE (Centreal Eastern Europe) region. Working across several teams, brands, markets & platforms.
This role sits above individual product teams and focuses on making sure the right problems are prioritized, decisions are made at the right level, and product teams & stakeholders are aligned. The role has no direct reports and operates through trust, influence, and product judgment.
You'll spend your time removing blockers, facilitating decisions, connecting the right people, and providing strategic guidance, not managing individual product backlogs. Think of it as being a player coach: strategic enough to shape quarterly plans, tactical enough to jump in when teams need fast decisions or clarity.
Key Responsibilities:
Own product portfolio prioritization for Platform
Maintain a clear, up-to-date view of all Product platform initiatives
Define and continuously adjust portfolio-level priorities based on strategy, capacity, and dependencies
Act as the decision owner when priorities are unclear or conflicting, and escalate when needed
Lead quarterly planning and roadmap alignment
Lead the quarterly planning process for product teams together with Head of Development & Project Management Lead
Challenge scope, priorities, and feasibility to ensure priorities are followed & realistic plans
Consolidate team roadmaps into a single, coherent portfolio view
Communicate priorities, plans, and trade-offs to leadership and key stakeholders
Enable alignment across teams & Stakeholders
Work closely with Product Managers to align on what to work on and why
Identify and resolve cross-team dependencies and conflicts early
Ensure alignment between product teams, stakeholders and adjacent platform teams
Improve ways of working across product teams
Drive improvements to product ways of working (planning, prioritization, decision-making, and cross-team collaboration) to increase clarity, speed, and quality of outcomes
Introduce lightweight frameworks, rituals, or tools where needed, without adding unnecessary process
Act as a champion of consistent product practices across product teams, while respecting team autonomy
Act as senior product sparring partner
Support Product Managers with problem framing, research direction, and prioritization
Help teams prepare decisions by clarifying options, assumptions, and trade-offs
Take lead on initiatives that span multiple teams
Ensure clarity and follow-through
Make sure priorities, decisions, and plans are clearly documented and visible
Follow up on cross-team actions and unresolved decisions
Follow up on product initiatives
What you bring:
~5 years in product management, with experience coordinating across multiple teams
Comfort with ambiguity - authority in this role comes from influence, not hierarchy
Strategic thinking + tactical execution - you can shape a quarterly plan and also clear a blocker in Jira
Strong facilitation skills - you help teams make good decisions, not just make decisions for them
Technical fluency - you don't need to code, but you understand how technical tradeoffs influence decision making
Excellent communication - you translate between technical teams, business stakeholders, and leadership
Nice-to-haves:
Experience with platform migrations or large-scale technical programs
Background in the web hosting industry
Prior experience coaching or supporting other PM
Right to Work
At any stage, please be prepared to provide proof of eligibility to work in the country you’re applying for. Unfortunately, we are unable to support relocation packages or sponsorship visas.
ESG
“At team.blue, our commitment to caring for the environment and each other is at the heart of everything we do. Our latest impact report showcases our ongoing ESG efforts and ambitious sustainability goals. Interested in learning more about our dedication to making a positive impact? Check it out here.”
"Come as you are"
Everyone is welcome here. Diversity & Inclusion are at our core. Far above any technical competence, we value respect, openness, and trusted collaboration. We do not tolerate intolerance.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
Slovak - Upper intermediate (B2)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Websupport - member of team.blue - is the biggest webhosting provider in Slovakia. We offer shared web hosting, domains registrations, our own user friendly admin interface and much more. We are proud of our flexible and prompt support services.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: Dominika Valo Šabíková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5248726
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.3.2026
2026-03-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
,
Product Owner
Spoločnosť:
Websupport, s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 350 EUR/month