SK
|
EN
Mondelez SR Production
(továreň Figaro)
Mondelēz
International
Piemyselný park
Kostolné Kračany
About us
Job Offers
Benefits
Contacts
Customer Master Data Iberia (f/m/x) (Spanish-speaking)
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 900 EUR/month
We pride ourselves on having a high performing and collaborative culture where we support your career and development. In return for your commitment, drive and enthusiasm, we offer salary starting from 1,900 € plus annual bonus payment based on your performance. The final offer will depend on the skills and previous experience of the candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are You Ready to Make It Happen at Mondelēz International?
Join our Mission to Lead the Future of Snacking. Make It Matter.
You are a specialist in a process, workstream or area in Mondelēz International Digital Services, working to support impeccable service operations.
How you will contribute
You will use your in-depth process and service knowledge in your area of expertise to ensure that service level agreements and obligations are met. As a co-owner of the development of standard operating procedures, you will drive standardization and simplification of processes. In addition, you will provide input for training materials, ensure that standard operating procedures and data protection activities comply with Mondelēz International policies and the law, analyze and report on exceptions and offer recommendations for process improvements, and lead the sustainable continuous improvement process for the team.
More about this role
The successful candidate will be responsible for tracking and monitoring of products and customers creation for Italy and other Western Europe countries. Will also be in charge of quality monitoring according to the MDLZ best practices model and industry standards. This role representing key partner to all business functions accountable for timely availability and quality of data. Moreover, DMS Business Partner makes sure EU data regulations are followed.
What you need to know about this position:
Main responsibilities include:
Products/Customers creation and change
•	Track, monitor and report on new creations, changes, delisting and E2E data object creation
•	Be responsible to ensure qualitative & timely availability of product information required by our customers and consumers.
•	Support business functions in issue solving, customer complaints and ad hoc queries
Data Quality
•	Enforce data quality management policies, carry out checks on key data attributes to ensure consistency, compliance, completeness and correctness of data shared
•	Ensure accuracy of product information including collaborating with R&D, regulatory for nutritional and allergen information
•	High level of data analysis to make reports reliable
Stakeholder collaboration
•	Act as key point of contact between Local and European business stakeholders and partners
•	Share best practice with cross-functional teams delivering data (product + customer)
Cross functional collaboration / project
•	Act as key user, perform testing and maintain documentation for specified data objects and processes
•	Act as a key user to report to the project teams, the specificities of the countries in his charge
Support effective change management, training and quality tracking according to gold model and industry standards to meet customers' requirements
Employee perks, benefits
We also offer top attractive benefits, such as:
Performance annual bonus payment, yearly salary review based on performance
Cafeteria (sports, relax venue, culture, travelling opportunities, language courses), free drinks and fruit in the workplace, meal vouchers fully covered by employer, free company products, company gym
Flexible working hours, extra holidays, financial contribution to wedding, childbirth and retirement, service awards, life insurance, contribution to education, supplementary pension fund, company parties and team events
Selected positions: Company car, cell phone
Cooperative and strong team environment
International environment and further career progression
Constant virtual and F2F learning opportunities
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
Spanish - Advanced (C1)
and
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
8
Personality requirements and skills
What you will bring
A desire to drive your future and accelerate your career. You will bring experience and knowledge in:
•	Your specific process area
•	Working in a shared service organization
•	Being a good team player and influencing others
•	Process design and mapping, and business requirement gathering experience
•	Communicating effectively, applying interpersonal skills and taking initiative
What extra ingredients you will bring:
•	Fluency Spanish language
•	Advanced knowledge of English language
•	Approx. 3+ years of office/systems experience preferably in a remote & cross-functional context
•	Experience working with SAP, Data Management
•	Experience in working in a service function
•	Continuous improvement mindset
•	Ability to handle complexity and managing detail
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
At Mondelēz International, our purpose is to empower people to snack right through offering the right snack, for the right moment, made the right way. That means delivering a broader range of delicious, high-quality snacks that nourish life's moments, made with sustainable ingredients and packaging that consumers can feel good about.
We have a rich portfolio of strong brands – both global and local. Including many household names such as Oreo, belVita and LU biscuits; Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka and Toblerone chocolate; Sour Patch Kids candy and Trident gum. We are proud to hold the number 1 position globally in biscuits, chocolate and candy as well as the No. 2 position in gum.
Our 80,000 Makers and Bakers are located in our operations in more than 80 countries and are working to sell our products in over 150 countries around the world. They are energized for growth and critical to us living our purpose and values. We are a diverse community that can make things happen, and happen fast.
Join us and Make It An Opportunity!
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Company address
1
Contact
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5248981
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.3.2026
2026-03-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Customer Support Specialist
,
Data Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Mondelēz International
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 900 EUR/month