Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Technical Consultant Principal (Cloud Architect)
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 200 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 200 EUR/month.
Purpose
The Principal Cloud Consultant is responsible for defining cloud strategies, migration roadmaps and building cloud governance models. You will help our global customers to successfully adopt public cloud to support their strategic goals.
What will you do?
Define cloud strategies, migration roadmaps and building cloud governance models.
help our global customers to successfully adopt public cloud to support their strategic goals.
Help customers shape their journey of adopting AWS, Azure or GCP and provide them with technical and strategic guidance to accelerate their cloud transformation.
Lead customer engagements from pre-sales to delivery and act as link between the customer, sales and technical project team.
Conduct customer workshops to understand technology and business drivers and present technical concepts.
Work with our Product Managers to continuously improve our Cloud Adoption portfolio providing insights on customer projects and market trends.
Advise on technology and strategic vision, define cloud adoption and migration strategies and hand-off to architect and migration teams.
You will succeed if you:
Advanced proficiency in English and German
Are qualified with university degree in computer science or a related degree.
Have 10+ years of relevant work experience with public cloud technologies (AWS, Azure or GCP).
Have consulting experience of a large IT or Management-Consulting Company
Have Sales/Pre-Sales experience.
Have deep technical understanding of public cloud technologies and practical experience in public cloud adoption and migration.
Have experience with advocating and implementing Cloud Adoption Frameworks on AWS, Azure or GCP and other meaningful best practices.
Have familiarity with application discovery tools and cloud migration software is asset but not essential.
Have excellent presentation and communication skills.
Have good at analytical thinking, Self-organization & effectiveness  and Customer orientation.
Basic knowledge of DevOps, PaaS & SaaS cloud services, Containerization, Virtual Machine migration, Database Migration(Oracle, MS SQL, NoSQL) will be advantage.
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
2 200 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2 200 EUR/month.
Contact
Contact person: Cecilia Kotercova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5248937
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.3.2026
2026-03-11
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
IT Architect
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month