SAP PO/PI Consultant
DXC Technology
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 500 EUR/month
We offer salary from 2,500 EUR/month. Salary can be higher depending on experience and skillset.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About DXC Slovakia
With 1200+ employees DXC Technology Slovakia belongs to the biggest Slovak IT companies. DXC Technology is a Fortune 500 global IT services leader. Our more than 130,000 people in 70+ countries are entrusted by our customers to deliver what matters most.
We use the power of technology to deliver mission critical IT services across the Enterprise Technology Stack to drive business impact. DXC is an employer of choice with strong values, and fosters a culture of inclusion, belonging and corporate citizenship.
We are DXC.
About the role
As an Junior SAP PO/PI Consultant you will be responsible for support, configuration, development, testing and design of SAP PO/PI development objects in SAP PO/PI and SAP ECC System to interface between SAP and NonSAP system on SAP implementation & maintenance projects.
Daily challenges
You will work as Junior SAP PO/PI Consultant in international projects
Collaborate with senior consultants to analyze integration needs and develop technical specifications.
Assisting the Senior PO/PI/XI Consultants with all aspects of service maintained
Conduct unit testing and support integration testing to ensure the quality and functionality of integration solutions.
Create and maintain detailed documentation of integration processes, technical specifications, and system configurations.
Work closely with cross-functional teams, including SAP functional consultants, developers, and business stakeholders, to ensure successful project delivery.
Build professional relationships with team members and clients, to ensure delivery of proposed solutions.
eXperience and skills required
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field.
Basic understanding of SAP PO/PI or similar integration technologies.
Familiarity with integration protocols such as REST, SOAP, IDoc, RFC, and XML
Knowledge of basic coding languages including C++, HTML5, and JavaScript
Knowledge of databases and operating systems
Willingness to learn and adapt to new technologies and tools.
ITIL awareness
fluency in English
Employee perks, benefits
Company benefits
At DXC Technology, we don’t just offer jobs - we build careers. Here’s what you can look forward to when you join us:
Enjoy competitive compensation and grow your career in a fast-paced, international environment.
Employee Assistance Program.
Referral Program.
Learning Platforms and Programs.
Life insurance.
Opportunity to obtain a Multisport card.
Extra 3 vacation days
Discounts and special offers from selected vendors.
Public transportation allowance for physical/ hybrid work arrangement.
Benefit Plus system (exceptional amount to spend for various options – sports, books, activities, vouchers etc)
Sick days
Join meaningful initiatives that give back to the community and connect you with like-minded colleagues through fun and impactful experiences.
At DXC Technology, we believe strong connections and community are key to our success. Our work model prioritizes in-person collaboration while offering flexibility to support wellbeing, productivity, individual work styles, and life circumstances. We’re committed to fostering an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive.
We offer salary from 2,500 EUR/month. Salary can be higher depending on experience and skillset.
If you feel comfortable with the above-mentioned requirements, please send us your
CV in English.
Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted
.
DXC Technology stands for equal opportunities, namely, we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, disability, or sexual orientation.  All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience, and relevant business requirements.​
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
SAP ProcessIntegration/ProcesOrchestration (PI/PO) - Basic
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
With 1200+ employees DXC Technology Slovakia belongs to the biggest Slovak IT companies. DXC Technology is a Fortune 500 global IT services leader. Our more than 130,000 people in 70+ countries are entrusted by our customers to deliver what matters most.
We use the power of technology to deliver mission critical IT services across the Enterprise Technology Stack to drive business impact. DXC is an employer of choice with strong values, and fosters a culture of inclusion, belonging and corporate citizenship.
We are DXC.
Your career info : https://www.dxc.com/us/en/careers
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Lili Yankulova
Tel.:
+35924926207
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5248048
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.3.2026
2026-03-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
SAP Consultant
Spoločnosť:
DXC Technology
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month