One bank.
Many career paths.
#makeITmatter
MS Infrastructure Specialist (all humans)
Location:
Bratislava, Bratislavský kraj, Slovakia
Working-Hours:
fulltime_permanent
Division:
Workplace & Branch Infrastructure
Company:
Erste Digital
Apply now
Make a difference in the financial life of millions of people: At Erste Digital you are co-creating the digital future, in which better financial health is possible. #believeinyourself
We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle.
We are looking for an experienced MS Infrastructure Specialist to strengthen our IT expert team. In this role, you will be responsible for the architecture and operation of the server side of the Microsoft client/server architecture of our workplace system. With this, you ensure that the workplace systems of our 22,000 bank users are operated efficiently and securely.
What to do:
Further development of our workplace infrastructure
Gradual takeover of operational responsibility for the Microsoft server landscape of our workplace system
Coordination of providers and partners who perform day-to-day operations, ensuring stable and secure operation of our banking workplace systems across Austria
Alignment with related areas (Security, Network, Backend Systems) to ensure successful workplace operations
Active contribution to the modernization of the infrastructure
Operational optimization and ensuring future-proof compatibility of our system architecture
You check these boxes:
Enthusiasm and experience in Windows system and network development (PowerShell, C++, C#) and database know-how (SQL)
Experience in designing, operating, and monitoring Microsoft environments (with a focus on infrastructure) with more than 2,000 end devices
Experience in planning, modernizing, and implementing Microsoft infrastructure
Hands-on collaboration with external service providers
German and English skills (at least B2 level)
On-site presence required at our locations in Bratislava and Vienna; up to 40% home office possible
Why you will like us:
Possibility to benefit and learn from our international, talented and passionate community at Erste
Interest groups and clubs: Take part in discussions and get involved in projects. Numerous interest groups invite you to engage with a topic
Health Care – Taking care of your health is important. That’s why we contribute to your above standard medical examination and provide a helpline in case of hard lifetime situations. You also receive a salary compensation during sick leave
Work-Life-Balance – Sabbatical, paternity leave, contribution to marriage & childbirth, 4 days of extra holiday per year, contribution to the 3rd pillar and MultiSport card. This is how we promote a balance between work, leisure, and family
Employee Referral Program – Become a talent scout for career opportunities in IT. We are rewarding every successful referral for Erste Digital
A competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - we are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 2.500,00 gross per month for this full time position. But this is just a formality, we are more than happy to discuss your actual expectations.
The way we are:
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual orientation or origin.
Apply now
Follow us:
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5248122
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.3.2026
2026-03-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Network Administrator
,
IT System Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Erste Digital GmbH
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month