IT Manager
Omron Electronic Components Europe B. V., org. zložka
Place of work
Karadžičova, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
2026-04-01
Wage (gross)
5 000 EUR/month
yearly bonus, monthly salary according to experience, 
Starting date ASAP or as per availability
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you passionate about shaping the IT function in European organization? Do you like to work in a dynamic and multicultural environment? Then this might be a role for you!
The IT Manager will lead the design, build, and full operation of an independent IT function for the European organization (80 employees). For the next 18 months, the company will transition away from the shared IT services currently provided by a sister company. The IT Manager will take ownership of IT strategy, infrastructure, security, and applications—including a future ERP implementation—ensuring business continuity throughout the transition.
The role requires a hands-on, strategic leader who understands global matrix organizations and can bridge technology, business operations, and Japanese corporate governance.
Summary Of Duties and Responsibilities
1.       IT Strategy development and the execution
Work with senior management and their leadership team in OCB and all stakeholders in Japan to support OCB business goals and the global strategy within the framework of the OCB IT strategy.
You will be accountability for:
·       Development and implementation of the IT strategy for Europe aligned with global IT standards and security policies.
·       Defining the future-state organization of the European IT department (structure, roles, processes, budget).
·       Establishing IT governance frameworks, policies, and service-level agreements (SLAs).
·       Managing vendor relationships and oversee procurement of IT services and technology.
2.        New ERP system implementation
Complete the new ERP system implementation together with all the stakeholders in EMEA and Japan.
You will be accountable for:
·       Acting as local lead for the selection, planning, and implementation of a new ERP system (current system: legacy JD Edwards).
·       Collaborating with global teams to evaluate potential ERP providers.
·       Mapping the current business processes and ensuring requirements are correctly defined.
·       Leading change management, testing, data migration, and training activities.
3.       IT system management for day-to-day activities
Support all our day-to-day activities in EMEA by managing IT systems and processes in EMEA.
You will be accountable for:
•            Overseeing all business applications, including:
o   Current & future ERP system
o   CRM (Salesforce)
o   Office 365 and collaboration tools
•            Ensuring integration between systems and data integrity across platforms.
•            Setting of relevant IT KPI / KGIs to measure performance.
1.       Team and Vendor Management
You will be accountable for:
o   Designing the future IT team structure (in-house resources + external providers).
o   Managing outsourced service providers and contractors during the transition and beyond.
o   Creating and tracking IT budget, ensuring cost optimization and transparency.
position requires travelling - cca one time per month
Employee perks, benefits
meal contribution, 28 days of holidays, ​Multisport card, partially flexible office hours, sick days
​home office, mobile​ phone
Information about the selection process
selected candidates will be contacted
starting date 1.4.2026
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or related field required.
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
digital transformation, technology strategy, or innovation leadership roles
Number of years of experience
7
Personality requirements and skills
Required Specific Knowledge, Skills And Experience
·       Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or related field required.
·       Master’s degree or MBA in Business, Digital Strategy, or Technology-related discipline preferred.
·       Relevant certifications (e.g., PMP, SCRUM, SAFe, ITIL) are a plus.
·       Minimum 7 to 10 years in digital transformation, technology strategy, or innovation leadership roles.
·       Experience leading large-scale initiatives in global or matrixed environments.
·       Strong cross-functional leadership across Sales, Marketing, IT, and Operations locally and globally.
·       Deep understanding of digital platforms and emerging technologies (AI/ML, automation, cloud, analytics).
·       Familiarity with electronic components industry or advanced manufacturing sectors preferred.
·       Expertise in change management, digital adoption, and regulatory compliance.
·       Strong working knowledge of JDEdwards and SAP.
·       Experience working with Snowflake and its integration.
·       Proficiency in English language is a must.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Omron Corporation (Omron) established in 1933, is a leading, innovative multinational with more than 28,000 employees in 44 countries. Omron is specialized in the development, production, distribution, marketing and sales of products and services in a variety of industries, including automation, electronic components, and healthcare.
The European organization has its own development and manufacturing facilities, and provides local customer support in all European countries. Through Omron proprietary technologies, Omron develops electronic components that meet the high-tech demands of modern society. These key components can be found in almost every automated or digital product we come across in our day-to-day lives.
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Marcela Kubanova
Tel.:
+421258240914
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5248300
Dátum zverejnenia:
10.3.2026
2026-03-10
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Omron Electronic Components Europe B. V., org. zložka
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
5 000 EUR/month