SAP Basis Delivery Lead (L3) - S/4HANA, SAP PO, FIORI
NATEK SLOVAKIA, s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
April/May 2026
Wage (gross)
2 800 EUR/month
Offered salary is based on relevant work experience and can be higher than stated minimum.
B2B - from 200 EUR MD rate
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for an experienced
SAP Basis Delivery Lead
to support and lead technical SAP Basis operations in complex enterprise environments. The role focuses on
ensuring stability, security, and performance of SAP landscapes
, including
S/4HANA environments
, while providing
L3 technical expertise and leadership
.
The ideal candidate has strong experience in
SAP NetWeaver administration, SAP Basis operations, SAP security fundamentals, and SAP HANA database environments
, with the ability to support mission-critical systems and coordinate technical delivery activities.
Start date:
immediately
Cooperation:
long term, COW (TPP) or B2B - (freelancing)
Working model:
fully remote
Key Responsibilities
Incident, Problem, Operations, Service Level, and Change Management, providing
L3 technical support
and leadership in complex SAP environments.
Ensures smooth
SAP R/3 and S/4HANA system
and database operations, including installation, upgrades, monitoring, troubleshooting, and performance optimization.
Performs database refreshes, system copies, and backup/recovery management to maintain business continuity.
Extensive hands-on experience with SAP Basis administration across
SAP ECC, S/4HANA, SAP PO, and SAP FIORI
environments.
Skilled in DB MS administration, particularly SAP HANA and Oracle.
Strong background in SAP implementation and migration projects from a SAP Basis perspective.
Proficient in performance tuning and system monitoring, ensuring optimal system response and stability.
Manages
SAP security topics
, including certificate lifecycle management, renewals, private/public key handling, and SAP Security Notes.
Advanced operating system administration across
Linux, UNIX, AIX, and Windows
environments with a good understanding of network fundamentals.
Experienced in shell scripting and automation of operational and monitoring tasks.
Utilizes tools such as ServiceNow (SNOW) and SAP Focused Run (FRUN) for proactive monitoring, incident management, and reporting.
​
Employee perks, benefits
• Internal Mobility Program – enjoy many opportunities for career growth, job rotations, diversity of projects & technologies
• International, diverse, and inclusive working environment – get experience in global projects for worldwide leaders and enjoy multinational teams
• Referral Program – enjoy cooperation with your colleagues and get the bonus!
• 5/10 years NATEK club – we offer long term cooperation and celebrate each fifth year cooperation anniversary with gifts
• NATEK CSR Events & team buildings – enjoy our values: accountability, partnership and expertise and #workITwithus
• Education – benefit from our know how, learning courses and certificates and IT events – be part of community of leaders of the industry and take part as a speaker or a visitor
• Bonuses for Personal Events – we congratulate you important events of your life: giving birth to children, university graduation, etc.
• Benefit Plus (Cafeteria) – use our e-shop with corporate benefits like travel, theater tickets, books etc.
• Additional Medical health care – on top of standard health insurance
• Multisport Club Card
• Technical and Personal training – we are investing in your skills growthLanguage courses
• 1 paid day off for volunteering – we are supportive in all charity ideas
• Meal contribution/ food vouchers
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
SAP Basis - Advanced
Linux OS - Advanced
SAP HANA - Advanced
Oracle Database administration - Advanced
SAP S/4 HANA - Advanced
SAP MaxDB - Skillful
Oracle Database - Skillful
SAP PO - Basic
SAP Fiori - Basic
SAP Security - Basic
Experience in the position/sector
SAP Basis Administrator
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
Requirements:
Strong
SAP Basis (L3) hands-on experience
SAP:
S/4HANA, SAP PO, SAP FIORI
SAP Security:
certificate lifecycle (renewals), private/public keys, SAP Security Notes
DB:
SAP HANA
Nice to Have:
SAP BTP, Kubernetes / Containers, EIC / AEM, Redis, PostgreSQL
Technical Experience & Skills
SAP Basis & NetWeaver
SAP NetWeaver administration:
Installations, Add-on implementations, Patching via SUM / SPAM, System refreshes and client copies.
SAP Basis operations:
Kernel upgrades, Database upgrades, Performance tuning and troubleshooting, STMS issue resolution, SPAD printing configuration, Backup and restore activities).
Upgrades & Migrations
EHP upgrades / SPS patching
across: ERP, BW, APO, SCM, SRM, NetWeaver, Java systems;
SAP migrations (homogeneous & heterogeneous).
Experience with various SAP systems, applications, and services.
Database & OS
DBMS administration: (
SAP HANA, Oracle, MaxDB);
Database patching, upgrades, and basic administration.
OS-level administration related to SAP:
Linux, Unix, AIX, Windows;
Solid understanding of
network fundamentals.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Join one of the most sought-after companies that specialize in IT outsourcing business.
Building on our shared company values – accountability, expertise and partnership - NATEK's mission is to deliver high quality IT outsourcing and consulting services in the CEE region. Since 2004, our employees have been participating projects for our partners from all over the world   in the most important sectors, including finance and insurance, telecommunications, and IT infrastructure. NATEK has offices in Poland, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic and Slovakia, and thanks to a team of over 700 experts, including project managers, programmers and administrators, we are able to effectively support our partners.
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Michaela Kovacova
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5249995
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.3.2026
2026-03-13
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Database Administrator
,
IT Consultant
,
IT System Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
NATEK SLOVAKIA, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month