Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia
O nás
Voľné pozície
Firemná kultúra
Benefity
Kontakt
Analysis
Skill and People Development Product Manager BA
At Deutsche Telekom, we believe that investing in our people is the key to unlocking our full potential. Within the GHSE Headquarters HR BP, our People Development & Change team drives HR products such as learning, personal development, skills intelligence, engagement and performance management — making HQ GHSE segment the best place to develop, grow, and raise the voice.
Contract type
full-time
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 2 700 EUR/month
About
the position
We’re reinventing how people grow at work — using AI, data, and design to turn learning into an adaptive, everyday experience.
As Product Manager for Intelligent Learning Experiences, Skills and people development, you’ll build the next generation of development programs and digital learning products that reach 6,000+ employees a year
You will be responsible for translating corporate learning solutions and development programs into segment specifics to enable Borad of Management HQ areas be prepared both for today and for the future challenges (inc. AI and future skills focus)
You’ll combine product strategy, systems thinking, and applied AI to build tools and journeys that accelerate performance, engagement, and skill growth — all embedded into the flow of work and powered by our enterprise LLM assistant.
What You’ll Do
Own the product vision and roadmap for digital and hybrid learning experiences in GHSE HQ area ( 6,000 employees) and the same time closely collaborate with Group HR on the group solutions and synergies
Translate business capability needs into digital products that deliver measurable outcomes, inc. AI-powered features like personalized learning paths, virtual coaches, and smart simulations.
Lead product discovery with users, business units, and tech teams — uncover real performance and learning needs; partner with data and analytics teams to measure impact and ROI on engagement, skill development, and productivity.
Work on people development enhancement via dedicated platform, design and promote development journeys and programs inc. executives
Support best user experience of existing development platform GrowthHub (Eightfold) by learning nuggets, admin steering and communication campaigns
Steer synergies between your area of responsibility and others within GHSE People Development & Change, related to corporate culture (inc. performance management, collaboration, process efficiency) as well as to talent development, succession management, employee engagement, change management and digitization
We work in a HYBRID STYLE of working.
The published salary is the minimum possible offer. The starting salary may be higher depending on the extent of fulfillment of the employee's requirements (education, language skills, required practice, personality assumptions and skills).
What
we expect
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
5+ years’ experience in product management or digital product design
3+ year experience with learning, skill building and personal development programs
Knowledge of HR processes and experience with expertise in learning and people development area
Strong analytical and conceptual with the ability to translate complex data into meaningful insights and recommendations skills with high attention to detail, in particular in data quality and reporting.
Experience with learning platforms usage and administration (knowledge of Percipio, Eightfold as an advantage)
Deep understanding of user experience, journey design, and data-driven iteration.
Comfort working with AI technologies, APIs, or conversational interfaces.
Systems thinker — you see how multiple digital touchpoints connect to create continuous experiences.
Comfortable translating complexity into simple, intuitive digital flows.
Data-literate, experience in HR data analytics, KPI frameworks, dashboards, and data-driven decision support - you use analytics to inform decisions and prove business impact.
Curious about human learning and performance, but not constrained by traditional L&D models.
Entrepreneurial — you build, test, learn, and iterate fast.
Project management / cross-functional collaboration skills.
Excellent communication, stakeholder management, and problem-solving capabilities.
Business fluent in English, German language skills as an advantage
Nice to have:
Background in Edtech, behavior change, or human-centered AI.
Familiarity with LLMs, adaptive learning, or simulation-based experiences.
Experience working with design systems or personalization engines.
Technical literacy in APIs, no-code tools, or prototyping platforms.
Benefits
that make you happy
Annual bonus
Fully paid meal vouchers
Mobile phone also for private use
Discounts for selected Telekom products
Supplementary pension saving contribution
Cafeteria system of benefits/Multisport card
My days
Sports club & Health days
Teambuildings, summer & Christmas party
Opportunities for career growth
Referral program
Flexible working time
About
the selection process
We are dedicated to constantly promoting equal employment opportunities and are ready to make reasonable adjustments for applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in our job opportunity and meet our job requirements for this position, we encourage you to confidentially notify us if you need specific accommodations to ensure your full participation in our recruitment process at recruitment@telekom.com.
Snažíme sa neustále podporovať rovnaké príležitosti v zamestnaní a sme pripravení urobiť primerané úpravy pre uchádzačov so zdravotným postihnutím. Ak máte záujem o túto pracovnú príležitosť a spĺňate požiadavky inzerovaného pracovného miesta, odporúčame vám, aby ste nám dôverne oznámili, ak potrebujete osobitné úpravy, ktoré vám zabezpečia plnohodnotnú účasť na našom náborovom procese na recruitment@telekom.com.
Send CV
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5249045
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.3.2026
2026-03-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Compensation & Benefit Specialist
,
Education Specialist
,
IT Product Manager
,
Occupational Psychologist
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month