Scrum Master
Place of work
Lamačská cesta, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Start date
ASAP / By agreement
Contract type
full-time
Salary
2 300 EUR/month
From 2 300 EUR brutto / month + variable bonus*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. This salary is for junior candidate. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions. Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
About us
Siemens
We are a technology company focused on industry, infrastructure, transport, and healthcare. By combining the real and the digital worlds, we empower our customers to transform their industries and markets, helping them to transform the everyday for billions of people.
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a proactive, organized, and collaborative
Scrum Master
to support our agile teams in delivering high‑quality solutions. In this role, you will guide teams in applying Agile principles, facilitate key ceremonies, remove impediments, and ensure continuous improvement across the development lifecycle.
Key Responsibilities
Facilitate all Scrum ceremonies (Daily Stand-ups, Sprint Planning, Sprint Reviews, Retrospectives).
Support the Product Owner in maintaining a clear and prioritized product backlog.
Coach the team on Agile and Scrum best practices, driving adoption and maturity.
Identify and remove obstacles that block the team from achieving sprint goals.
Promote transparency, collaboration, and a culture of continuous improvement.
Track team performance metrics (velocity, burndown, throughput) and use insights to optimize workflows.
Serve as a servant leader, enabling the team to deliver high-quality increments on time.
Coordinate with stakeholders, other Scrum Masters, and cross-functional teams to ensure alignment.
Hybrid working model
– 3 days / week home office + 2 days / week office (in Bratislava)
If you are curious about the challenges and possibilities of digitalization within one of the world’s leading conglomerates and want to contribute to customer-specific solutions and methods: join us and gain in-depth experience in consulting, motivating change and a deep understanding of Siemens’ strategies and worldwide operations.
What you need to make real what matters:
2+ years of experience as a Scrum Master.
Applying Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) properly.
Strong understanding of Agile frameworks (Scrum, Kanban) and related practices.
Excellent facilitation, professional communication, and conflict‑resolution skills.
Proactivity.
Ability to coach teams at different levels of Agile maturity.
Understanding E2E processes with contributing to team’s technical decisions (SAP S/4 HANA, Microsoft Dynamics, Salesforce).
Experience with tools such as SAP, Jira, Solution manager (plus), Confluence (plus), or similar.
Scrum Master certification (CSM, PSM I/II) is an advantage.
Strong organizational and time management skills.
You are patient and agile when confronted with difficult situations and looking forward to push through when there are times of high pressure.
You can communicate your ideas convincingly in English, any other languages i.e. German are a plus.
With an international mindset, you display deep intercultural understanding and enjoy working in an international environment.
You are highly flexible and willing to travel, mostly in Europe.
We are committed to forming a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. This is how we work best. Problem solvers and entrepreneurs are highly welcome.
Siemens is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
We offer
Home office, telework
Flexible working hours (9:00 – 15:00), short Fridays
Bridge days – 5 days/year
Sick days – 3 days/year
Additional paid leave
Cafeteria system - BenefitPlus = 300 points / € per year
Contribution to 3rd pillar pension up to 3% of gross salary (after the employment trial period)
Sick leave compensation and Sick Leave to Care for a Family Member compensation (up to 100% of salary, 20 days/year)
Childbirth bonus of 300€
Contribution for attending a preschool facility (200€)
Contribution for representative sports activities
MultiSport
2 SIM cards with discounted employee flat rate also for family members
Employee referral bonus up to 2 000€
Opportunity to invest in the purchase of Siemens shares
Discounts for employees (electronics, language courses, vacation stays...)
Discounted employee´s loans
Wellbeing program, Health Day, team-building program
Education in various fields of your choice
Work anniversary present and life anniversary contribution
Valuable gift on the occasion of retirement
How it looks here
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5249229
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.3.2026
2026-03-12
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Scrum Master
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 300 EUR/month