Cybersecurity Expert for Digital Cloud Solutions (f/m/d)
Place of work
Košice, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
part-time
Salary
3 500 EUR/month
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Do you want to help create the future of healthcare? Our name, Siemens Healthineers, was selected to honor our people who dedicate their energy and passion to this cause. It reflects their pioneering spirit combined with our long history of engineering in the ever-evolving healthcare industry.
We offer you a flexible and dynamic environment with opportunities to go beyond your comfort zone in order to grow personally and professionally. Sounds interesting?
Then come and join our global team as
Cybersecurity Expert to advance the digital security of our digital solutions and services.
Choose the best place for your work
– Within the scope of this position, it is possible, in consultation with your manager, to work mobile (within Germany) up to an average volume of 60% of the respective working hours.
Even more flexibility?
Mobile working from abroad is possible for up to 30 days a year under certain conditions and in selected countries.
The position can be filled in Erlangen (Germany) or Kosice (Slovakia).
This position is full-time or part-time with a minimum of 30h/week.
Your tasks and responsibilities:
You provide expert guidance to our departments to ensure robust cyber defense strategies are seamlessly integrated into digital solutions, tools and products.
You identify areas of action in cybersecurity for the secure delivery of digital solutions and ensure the implementation of necessary measures, balancing company policies, market, customer, and economic requirements.
You serve as the go-to subject matter expert on cybersecurity throughout the entire lifecycle of our products and services, from design and development to operation and phase-out.
You take charge of implementing state-of-the-art cybersecurity solutions across digital services, IT infrastructures, and applications, ensuring a high level of security.
You assist teams in managing vulnerabilities and cybersecurity incidents, evaluating suppliers, and crafting clear communications for our customers.
You work closely with corporate functions to align company standards, best practices, and benchmarks, as well as to test and introduce security products.
You manage risks and certification processes and ensure compliance with regulations to uphold Siemens Healthineers' commitment to cybersecurity.
To find out more about the specific business, have a look at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/products-services
Your qualifications and experience:
You have a degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or a related field.
You have extensive, long-term professional experience and additional qualifications in this field, but no degree? We welcome your application as well.
You have many years of professional experience in security management or cybersecurity and have ideally led complex security projects.
You possess strong knowledge of cloud technology, firewalls, and IT architecture, proving your versatility and depth of knowledge.
You have proven expertise in creating, implementing, and operating sophisticated security concepts for robust defense against cyber threats.
You have comprehensive experience in introducing and managing Security KPIs.
You have a solid grasp of industry standards/regulations of security standards, e. g. ISO27001, NIST, BSI C5, SOC II, SecNumCloud.
Your attributes and skills:
You have business-fluent English skills in speaking and writing; additional German skills are an advantage.
You possess a diverse toolbox to analyze dependencies and develop solutions with an international team that appropriately balance business needs and technical risks.
You are capable of quickly grasping and mastering new topics in the constantly evolving technology landscape.
You have excellent social skills, goal orientation, negotiation skills, and assertiveness to develop and implement decisions across disciplines and at various hierarchical levels.
The following information regarding compensation and benefits applies exclusively to positions based in Slovakia. For positions located elsewhere, the salary will be aligned with local compensation standards.
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards:
starting from 3500 EUR brutto/motnh + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
What do we offer:
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of telework and work from office
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Councelling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings,…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Our global team:
Siemens Healthineers is a leading global medical technology company. 74,000 dedicated colleagues in over 70 countries are driven to shape the future of healthcare. An estimated 5 million patients across the globe benefit every day from our innovative technologies and services in the areas of diagnostic and therapeutic imaging, laboratory diagnostics and molecular medicine, as well as digital health and enterprise services.
Our culture:
Our culture embraces different perspectives, open debate, and the will to challenge convention. Change is a constant aspect of our work. We aspire to lead the change in our industry rather than just react to it. That’s why we invite you to take on new challenges, test your ideas, and celebrate success. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/de/careers
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.#myabilityshs
Wish to find out more before applying? Contact us:
recruitinggersupport.func@siemens-healthineers.com
, if you wish to discuss any initial questions with our recruitment team. The contact person handling this job ad is Vithusha Tharmalingam.
We care about your data privacy and take compliance with GDPR as well as other data protection legislation seriously. For this reason, we ask you not to send us your CV or resume by email. We ask instead that you create a profile in our talent community where you can upload your CV. Setting up a profile lets us know you are interested in career opportunities with us and makes it easy for us to send you an alert when relevant positions become open. Click here to get started.
To all recruitment agencies:
Siemens Healthineers' recruitment is internally managed, with external support permitted only when a qualified supplier has established a formal contract with us. Unsolicited candidate submissions and referrals, absent a current supplier contract, do not establish consent and are ineligible for fees. We delete and destroy unsolicited information, thus, would recommend you refrain from any such practices. Your adherence to our policies is appreciated.
Siemens Healthineers Germany was awarded the Great Place to Work® certificate.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5249837
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.3.2026
2026-03-13
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Security Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month