AWS Order to Cash (O2C) Manager, AWS EMEA O2C
Job ID: 3197275 | Amazon /Slovakia/ s.r.o.
DESCRIPTION
Amazon Web Services Finance Operations team is looking for an Advisor/Order to Cash manager to lead and manage the EMEA-wide communication and collaboration between Finance Operations and Sales, Accounting, Billing, Finance teams as well as strategic AWS customers. This role will be key for managing AWS cash-flow by keeping all related departments in sync and drive the resolution of potential issues, as well as design and advocate for process improvements, FinOps strategies and technical improvements. It requires superior influencing skills with very high bar of internal and external communication combined with high level of diplomacy. Primary tasks are focused on working with internal stakeholders such as billing, technical and accounting teams to identify highest added-value opportunities to drive free-cash flow and ensure compliance and balance sheet streamlining. Using data to convince and get the buy-in of partner organizations to participate on the changes Finance Operations team need to put in place, as well as improving the processes they, or the customer need to adapt to.
Key job responsibilities
The role will have a global visibility and will influence the picture and perception of Finance Operations department within Amazon.
While this role is EMEA based and primary scope of responsibility is the EMEA region, it will have a large global charter and provide guidance for global Accounts Receivables and technical teams. It will shape the long-term Cash Flow management strategies and the AWS billing and payment experience.
A successful candidate will be able to create or distill large ideas and transform them into projects, partnering with cross-functional teams. The candidate will also feel comfortable documenting and presenting new projects and strategies to senior leadership and secure their buy in.
Base pay for this position starts from EUR 3425+ gross per month and salary depends on the skills and requirements, there will be further pay components such as a sign on bonus and the eligibility to participate in a restricted stock unit scheme operated independently by Amazon.com Inc. in USA. Company benefits apply subject to further terms, including annual membership in medical clinic, life insurance, retirement pension, meal voucher card, career development.
A day in the life
Diving deep into nuances of AWS billing, cash collection and customer payment experience and creating the mid to long term vision for these areas will represent the bulk of your time. Shaping the AR strategy and the opinion of your internal partners and colleagues will be an integral part of it. You will be a trusted advisor for different functions with Amazon AWS Finance Operations, but also Accounting, Finance, Sales and Customer Support teams. Your vision and bias for particular approach and solutions will prescribe the marching orders of various teams contributing to AWS cash flow management.
About the team
A team of skilled professionals (5 right now) operating within the Amazon Global Finance Operations group (+4000 globally) is based in Bratislava. The team closely cooperates with partner teams in North and South America as well as in India and China.
Basic Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Finance, Economics, Statistics, Business, or a related field
Experience in Accounts Receivables / Accounts Payables
Advance knowledge on Excel
Experience in Data Analytics and presentation
Effective communication skills in English (any other languages are plus)
5+ years experience in Finance Operations, Order to Cash, or a related field
Preferred Qualifications
Experience in leveraging AI/ML for Data processing
Experience in Cash Collections
Experience in SQL
Knowledge on ERP (Oracle, SAP, etc.)
Experience communicating complex information and solutions to senior stakeholders and influence decisions
Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is
            central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your
            passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data
            is a
            longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice
(https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page)
to know more about how we collect, use
            and
            transfer the personal data of our candidates.
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a
            disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process,
            including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit
https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations
for more information.
            If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5249588
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.3.2026
2026-03-13
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Data Analyst
,
Economist
,
Finance Manager
,
Financial Analyst
Spoločnosť:
Amazon Europe
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 425 EUR/month