About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Digital Service Designer (UX) - limited contract until 31st December 2026
Place of work
Mlynské nivy 12, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 100 - 3 400 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between EUR 2,100 and EUR 3,400 per month (for a full-time role). 

The specific salary offered considers:​
- the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, ​
- the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience.​

In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits.​

Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.​
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the role
- Support service management activities for ContactOne for Clients, helping ensure client-facing digital services are clear, usable and well adopted.
- Work with stakeholders to understand client needs, gather input, align priorities and communicate service updates.
- Review service performance data and client feedback to identify insights and opportunities for improvement.
- Contribute to the design and improvement of end-to-end client service experiences, including user journeys, support interactions and communications.
- Help evolve existing services by supporting change assessments, simplifying language and processes, and improving workflows and tools.
- Support engagement and adoption activities through internal communications and forums.
About the team
Customer Service in D&T Group Functions makes it quick and easy for clients and employees to get what they need from Swiss Re. As a global, AI-enabled team, we focus on removing friction from client interactions and delivering consistent, high-quality service experiences. Our Digital Service Designers put users at the centre of evidence-based design, creating digital services and data tools that are intuitive, valuable and widely adopted.
Employee perks, benefits
You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
This job offer is suitable for people who have been impacted by the invasion of Ukraine.
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
About you
- Experience or strong interest in digital service design, service management, UX, or a related role, with transferable skills welcomed
- User-centred mindset with curiosity about how services work end to end and how they can be improved.
- Comfortable working with data, reports, or insights, and keen to build confidence using them to support service and design decisions.
- Experience with, or willingness to learn, Swiss Re’s brand identity and tone of voice when creating client-facing content.
- Clear communicator, able to work with a range of stakeholders and contribute to collaborative discussions.
- Willingness to learn, adapt, and work across teams in an agile environment.
- Structured, proactive, and motivated to develop skills in digital service design.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Lucia Vargova
Apply here
ID:
5249667
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.3.2026
2026-03-12
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Service Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 100 EUR/month