Back to open positions
About PwC
Students and graduates
Experienced candidates
Mothers
Benefits
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
2 200 EUR/month
(For candidates with many years of experience, the salary is negotiable based on experience and proven seniority.)
Full-stack Java Developer (m/f)
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Our
Advanced Technology Solution (ATS) team
is a group of professionals, who are creating smart solutions for our customers all over the world. They deal with business process management, robotics process automation, web development, testing but also artificial intelligence.
As a
Full-Stack Developer (Java / JavaScript)
at PwC Slovakia, you will have the opportunity to shape solutions end‑to‑end, combining strong technical skills with communication and business understanding. This role is suitable for a medior to senior professional who is comfortable working independently, engaging with clients, and contributing to both technical and analytical discussions.
Key Responsibilities:
Application Development:
Develop and maintain applications and services primarily in Java, with exposure to JavaScript and other technologies in a full‑stack environment.
End‑to‑End Delivery:
Contribute to all phases of the development lifecycle, from design through implementation to release support.
Architecture & Design:
Participate in designing application architecture, modules, and data structures.
Client Collaboration:
Communicate with clients and internal stakeholders, gather requirements, and actively participate in client meetings.
Cross‑team Cooperation:
Work closely with frontend teams and other technical or business roles on shared solutions.
Documentation & Estimates:
Prepare designs, work estimates, and supporting materials such as presentations.
Who We’re Looking For:
Experience in Java programming at Medior (3+ years) or Senior (5+ years) level
Strong experience with
Java
in a commercial environment.
Knowledge of
JavaScript
and other full‑stack technologies is a plus.
Knowledge of
Python
is highly appreciated.
Mindset:
Analytical, formable, willing to learn, and able to take ownership of tasks.
Employee perks, benefits
Benefits you can enjoy while working at PwC:
Financial Rewards:
Benefit from regular salary reviews, performance bonuses and other special bonuses. Enjoy meal contributions and a cafeteria benefit system offering personalized choices.
Flexibility & Work-Life Balance:
Enjoy our hybrid working policy, flexible working hours, 2 extra days off during Christmas along with Sick-days. Every minute of your extra work is valued and compensated.
Career Development:
Engage in tailored internal and external training programs, benefit from a structured career development plan, and as an employee take advantage of discounts of up to 30% on internationally recognized certifications and qualifications from leading organizations through our PwC Academy.
Health & Well-being:
Access premium benefits such as physiotherapy consultations, Multisport card and medical center membership. Take advantage of our Well-being and Work-Life Coaching program.
Supportive Culture:
Participate in teambuilding activities and social events and join our employee referral program. Experience a culture with regular feedback and a supportive environment.
Global Opportunities:
Seize the opportunity for international assignments and work on diverse projects with international clients. Explore the world while working with the possibility of working from abroad.
Extra perks:
Use various discounts at partner companies such as cars, health care, beauty, culture or others. Transfer up to 4 telephone numbers at discounted rates.
At PwC, we believe in nurturing your career, supporting your health and wellness, and recognizing your dedication. Join our team and experience a workplace that values you beyond your work hours.
Information about the selection process
Information about the selection process:
At PwC, we believe in nurturing your career, supporting your health and wellness, and recognizing your dedication. Join our team and experience a workplace that values you beyond your work hours.
If you'd like to apply for this position, please click on the "Apply Now" button on our website and apply through our system.
You can find the data privacy announcement here: https://pwc.to/2s8n2tn
If the current position is not right for you but you have friends or acquaintances in your area who could be interested in working with us, feel free to direct them to us. If we establish cooperation with a candidate recommended by you, you can receive a reward from 300 to 1000 EUR, depending on the seniority of the candidate: https://www.pwc.com/sk/en/careers/get-rewarded-for-recommending-candidate.html
Contact
Contact person: Hana Ďugová
E-mail:
send CV
Send CV
Back to open positions
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5249668
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.3.2026
2026-03-13
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
Java Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
PwC
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month