Medior/Senior Software Developer (C+ and Python)
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
Upon agreement.
Wage (gross)
2 200 - 3 500 EUR/month
The salary depends on the candidate’s level of seniority.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for an experienced and independent C++ developer.
You will be responsible for development of a server application for the transmission and basic processing of meteorological data intended for civil national meteorological institutions, international organizations, military forces, and airports worldwide.
The application consists of several core processes running 24/7, which are monitored and controlled either through a desktop user interface or via a REST API. The application is cross-platform (Linux, Windows).
Employee perks, benefits
Flexible working hours
Opportunity to travel abroad
Company events
Fruit, cafeteria
Attractive financial bonuses
Information about the selection process
Send your CV to:
pavel.stojka@sourcefirstinternational.com
We always have multiple positions available for IT specialists not only in Slovakia and the Czech Republic, but also on international projects.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.5.2026
(there are still 78 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our client is a dynamic technology company specialising in advanced solutions.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Personality requirements and skills
- Open mind and willingness to explore new areas – meteorology is a rather specific field. However, we concentrate more on developing software tools to be used by meteorologis rather than meteorological science.
- C++ language on advanced level (standard library, Boost, templates, exceptions, etc). If you are a really good programmer who does not use C++, you can still apply for the job if you are willing to learn C++ to reach advanced level.
- Python language (at least on intermediate level)
- Experience with software development in a team (e.g.  in corporate environment,  as part of an open source project)
- We are only looking for people interested in long term employment.
- English language - fluent. All internal documentation is in English and our customer base is spread around the world.
Nice to have:
- Understanding efficiency of code and algorithms (both in terms of speed and memory consumption)
- Creativity in designing new algorithms
- Experience in user interface design
- Qt UI framework experience
- Knowledge of scientific Python modules such as numpy and scipy
- Basic experience with GIS systems and formats (SHP, GeoJSON, GML)
- Experience with web services and web development in general
- Experience with cloud technologies (especially in Amazon EC2)
- Basic grasp of geometry and numerical computations
- Linux or Windows OS administration skills
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Pavel Stojka
Tel.:
+421902235479
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5249064
Dátum zverejnenia:
11.3.2026
2026-03-11
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
C++ Programmer
,
IT Architect
,
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month