Software Developer (C, Embedded)
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Place of work
: Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Wage (gross)
:
2 700 EUR/month
The salary in the job add is a minimal guaranteed base salary and can be higher - depending on the skills, level, education, professional experience, technological know-how.
Contract type
: full-time
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
The primary authority on the Linux kernel and hardware-to-software communication. This role is responsible for the lowest layers of the stack, ensuring the OS is correctly configured for the target hardware and that performance is optimized at the driver level.
Main tasks:
Working in a software development team
Kernel Development: Design and implement kernel-level modules and drivers.
HW-SW Integration: Take primary responsibility for hardware-software communication concepts and troubleshooting.
Build System Ownership: Manage and optimize complex Yocto layers for the platform.
Technical Mentorship: Lead the organization in understanding Linux principles and hardware interaction.
Delivery Automation: Ensure the base OS image is integrated into the CI/CD pipeline efficiently.
Employee perks, benefits
The way we work
Hybrid working model – based on the agreement with your team lead. We trust that you know how to organize your time to stay productive
Regular performance review and career growth possibilities
A dynamic and challenging role in a global company
Collaborative and supportive team culture
Close collaboration with business drivers and key users
Support for ongoing professional development to expand your technical and professional knowledge
Health & Well-being
Electric stand-up desk and ergonomic chair
100% salary reimbursement for 10 days of sick leave
25 days of vacation for everybody
Recognition
Compensation of overtimes
Compensation of travelling time in case of business trip (extra allowance)
Flexible Benefit System - starting from 1000€ per year in the Benefit Plus portal - platform with thousands of suppliers of your choice, including Kistler specific offerings
Attractive referral bonus
Extra contribution in significant life events – weddings and childbirths, rehousing
Relocation bonus for employees who are moving because of Kistler (over 100 km)
Career & Development
Online English & German language courses
Library, Online Educational Portals: Pluralsight, Safari books, LeanPub, Egghead
Social life
Team-buildings, Company breakfast, Christmas Party, Grill Party, etc.
Football table and board games in the office
Extra benefits
Special offers and discounts (Metro cards, SND, Curaprox etc.)
Lunch tickets in amount of 8,00 EUR
Great coffee, tea, fresh fruit
Information about the selection process
Do you like it so far? Let us know, send us your CV. After receiving and reviewing your CV we will contact you for short telephone pre-screen. Following this, if successful, we will set up meeting with your future team leader and one of our technical specialist for more detailed discussion about your experience and motivation and to answer your questions about company and project itself. The final stage of the hiring process is meeting with head of Kistler Bratislava to get to know you better and align on the personal and position expectations. Our HR colleagues will be informing and guiding you through every step of this process. Good luck. We are looking forward to meeting you.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
11.4.2026
(there are still 28 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
4
Personality requirements and skills
Experience: 2+ years specifically in Linux Kernel development.
Languages: Highly skilled C developer; C++ (Nice to have); Rust (Advantage).
Build Systems: Advanced Yocto skills (Must have).
Hard Skills: Deep understanding of electronics and HW-SW communication.
Environment: Low-level Linux principles and kernel-space development.
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Einsteinova 33
851 01 Bratislava, Slovakia
+421 948 377 105
, Natália Shalanová, HR Generalist
Kistler Holding AG
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5249723
Dátum zverejnenia:
12.3.2026
2026-03-12
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
C Programmer
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Kistler Bratislava, s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month