Project Team Assistant – Group Technology Management
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Place of work
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s.r.o., Karadžičova, Ružinov, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 800 EUR/month
The final basic wage component will be adjusted to individual skills and experience of selected candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services (FSS)
as a member of the Austrian Group FREQUENTIS AG, is focused on software development, system engineering and delivery of safety-critical voice communication and information systems.
Our solutions are developed and distributed in the following business segments:
Air Traffic Management & Defence
(civil and military air traffic control, aeronautical information management),
Public Safety
(police, fire and rescue services, emergency medical services) and
Public Transport & Maritime
(railway and urban transport solutions, vessel traffic management).
Your Role
We are seeking a highly organized and proactive
Project Team Assistant
to support our
Group Technology Management organization
. In this role, you will contribute to the efficient operation of governance, technology planning, and the development project portfolio.
You will collaborate with a wide network of stakeholders across the company, including
engineering, finance, program management, and leadership teams
, while ensuring smooth administrative, financial, and operational processes.
Main Responsibilities
Financial and Project Support
Support financial planning activities for      development projects, including
budget preparation, tracking of      actuals, forecasting, and reporting
Support project administration activities      such as
purchase orders and project data updates in SAP
Process and track project work packages      according to internal procedures
Coordination and Governance
Support project governance processes and      ensure timely follow-up and consistent communication across stakeholders
Coordinate tasks and collaboration with      internal departments such as
controlling, development, product      management, and documentation teams
Ensure adherence to internal processes, guidelines, and tool workflows
Communication and Meetings
Coordinate and organize
workshops,      steering committees, and internal events
(agenda preparation,      logistics, documentation)
Prepare
presentations, evaluation      materials, and management summaries
Assist with planning activities and internal      communication
Administrative Support
Provide administrative support to the      technology management team
Organize
travel arrangements and travel      expense accounting
Support the execution and coordination of smaller internal projects
Employee perks, benefits
​​A dynamic and varied role in a strategic technology organization
Close collaboration with experts and leaders across the company
Opportunities to learn, grow, and expand responsibilities
A stable and supportive work environment
In addition, we offer you:
Training and development program (business and product trainings, language course)
Employee referral program (financial reward for recommending a      successful candidate)
Employee assistance program (legal, financial and psychological      counselling)
Meal contribution fully paid by the company
Multisport card/Pension scheme contribution (DDS)
Flexible working hours, home office
Refreshments, company & team events
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
German - Intermediate (B1)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Excel - Skillful
Microsoft PowerPoint - Skillful
Microsoft Word - Skillful
Personality requirements and skills
​Completed commercial or technical education
Strong organizational and multitasking skills
Ability to communicate clearly and confidently with diverse stakeholder groups
High reliability, accuracy, and an independent working style
Strong service mindset and willingness to support a broad team
Nice to Have
Experience with project management tools and collaboration platforms
Experience with SAP
Experience in a technology, engineering, or R&D environment
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Our Bratislava-based company FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is part of the Austrian FREQUENTIS group (www.frequentis.com). We are a leading global supplier of communication and information solutions for safety-critical applications, such as for air traffic control towers, public safety control rooms (112) or air defense forces. Our mission-critical solutions cover diverse areas, such as telephony and radio communication, Geographical Information Systems (GIS), incident and resource management, video surveillance and automatic video analytics.
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is specialized in software development and project delivery. Together with our parent company we are developing FREQUENTIS’ next generation control room solutions, using state-of-the-art technologies and processes. Our delivery teams then deploy those solutions at our customers around the globe, with responsibility for commercial and technical project management, engineering and quality assurance.
To grow our team, we are constantly looking for talents in all these fields. Our company offers an interesting and challenging technical environment, a people-focused culture with emphasis on a good work-life-balance and, if desired, a long-term development and career opportunities.
For our customers, lives may be at stake and seconds count. Our solutions thus need to be developed to the highest standards when it comes to usability and reliability. Safety is what guides us from the first designs till the final tests of any of our solutions. If those are the kinds of challenges that excite you, then you have come to the right place!
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Eva Lajchová
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5250695
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.3.2026
2026-03-17
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
IT Project Manager
,
Procurement specialist
,
Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 800 EUR/month