SK
|
EN
Mondelez SR Production
(továreň Figaro)
Mondelēz
International
Piemyselný park
Kostolné Kračany
About us
Job Offers
Benefits
Contacts
DMS Business Partner (Polish-speaking)
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 900 EUR/month
We pride ourselves on having a high performing and collaborative culture where we support your career and development. In return for your commitment, drive and enthusiasm, we offer salary starting from 1,900 € plus annual bonus payment based on your performance. The final offer will depend on the skills and previous experience of the candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are You Ready to Make It Happen at Mondelēz International?
Join our Mission to Lead the Future of Snacking. Make It Matter.
You are a specialist in a process, workstream or area in Mondelēz International Digital Services, working to support impeccable service operations.
How you will contribute
You will use your in-depth process and service knowledge in your area of expertise to ensure that service level agreements and obligations are met. As a co-owner of the development of standard operating procedures, you will drive standardization and simplification of processes. In addition, you will provide input for training materials, ensure that standard operating procedures and data protection activities comply with Mondelēz International policies and the law, analyze and report on exceptions and offer recommendations for process improvements, and lead the sustainable continuous improvement process for the team.
Employee perks, benefits
We also offer top attractive benefits, such as:
Performance annual bonus payment, yearly salary review based on performance
Cafeteria (sports, relax venue, culture, travelling opportunities, language courses), free drinks and fruit in the workplace, meal vouchers fully covered by employer, free company products, company gym
Flexible working hours, extra holidays, financial contribution to wedding, childbirth and retirement, service awards, life insurance, contribution to education, supplementary pension fund, company parties and team events
Selected positions: Company car, cell phone
Cooperative and strong team environment
International environment and further career progression
Constant virtual and F2F learning opportunities
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
Polish - Advanced (C1)
and
English - Advanced (C1)
The position is suitable for a fresh graduate
Yes
Personality requirements and skills
What you will bring
A desire to drive your future and accelerate your career. You will bring experience and knowledge in:
•	Your specific process area
•	Working in a shared service organization
•	Being a good team player and influencing others
•	Process design and mapping, and business requirement gathering experience
•	Communicating effectively, applying interpersonal skills and taking initiative
•	Fluent in English and Polish, with a high level of proficiency in reading, writing and verbal communication in relation to job responsibilities
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
At Mondelēz International, our purpose is to empower people to snack right through offering the right snack, for the right moment, made the right way. That means delivering a broader range of delicious, high-quality snacks that nourish life's moments, made with sustainable ingredients and packaging that consumers can feel good about.
We have a rich portfolio of strong brands – both global and local. Including many household names such as Oreo, belVita and LU biscuits; Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka and Toblerone chocolate; Sour Patch Kids candy and Trident gum. We are proud to hold the number 1 position globally in biscuits, chocolate and candy as well as the No. 2 position in gum.
Our 80,000 Makers and Bakers are located in our operations in more than 80 countries and are working to sell our products in over 150 countries around the world. They are energized for growth and critical to us living our purpose and values. We are a diverse community that can make things happen, and happen fast.
Join us and Make It An Opportunity!
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Company address
1
Contact
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5250493
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.3.2026
2026-03-13
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Data Analyst
,
HR Business Partner
Spoločnosť:
Mondelēz International
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 900 EUR/month