Frontend Angular Developer - Bratislava
PANTHEON.team
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
according to agreement
Wage (gross)
1 800 EUR/month
depending on the level of seniority  - details for all levels see below
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you passionate about building high-performance, dynamic user interfaces with Angular? Do you thrive in a collaborative environment where your creativity and expertise are truly valued?
If so,
we want to hear from you!
​
At PANTHEON.tech we're looking for UI Software Engineers for a project that involves SND technology. Your job will involve working on a prototype project - on something, that no one has ever done before.
​
What’s in it for you?​
* A fun, fast-paced environment, where you’ll collaborate with industry experts.
* Hands-on experience with cutting-edge tools and technologies.
* A team that values technical excellence and continuous improvement, with a culture of support.
* Flexible work environment with opportunities for growth.
​
What do we expect from you?
Strong proficiency with Angular and proven hands-on experience. A solid understanding of software engineering best practices, a collaborative mindset, and passion for problem solving. Attention to detail matters, as your work may be visible to the open-source community, so take pride in what you create!
​
What will be your tasks?
From a UI standpoint, this complex project is composed of multiple modules. The UI is made as a single monolith, which significantly influences its complexity and scalability. Therefore, our current work consists of "ripping out" individual UI modules into separate, simpler UI apps (Angular 13), which are then re-connected into a single unit. For now, we connect apps only through iframes, but we want to gradually work towards a full-fledged micro-frontend architecture, using Module Federation. The advantage is, that we do not use the original code during this rework. Based on feedback, we improve the original workflow and thus build the functionality from the ground up. Currently, we emphasize performance. We extensively use the OnPush change detection strategy and reactive programming. Due to the resulting bundle size, we use strict Typescript. At the same time, we are also changing the overall design – we are switching from internal design components, to the PrimeNG framework. As for the content, we mostly work with the representation and management of individual device data. We support devices from several vendors. Using the API, we are able to perform various actions on real devices. We develop our own ticketing system for various requests from users, documentation creation system, etc. We pay a lot of attention to security - implementation of AAA business standards, Veracode compliance and permissions.
​
How high can you climb?
In our company, career growth is available for everybody willing to constantly improve himself. Through regular employee assessments, there is a high possibility of promotion from Trainee through Junior, Semi-Senior, and Senior to an Expert. Since we are a family-based company, we will be glad to hear anybody´s ideas and we will happily support good projects. Our seniors are some of the best in the industry!
Employee perks, benefits
What extras does PANTHEON throw in?
Anyone can offer you a perfect team, team buildings, LAN-parties, friendly environment, table football and a place to grow (of course, we do offer those too).
But the real benefits? Additional days off, 100% paid sick leave, subsidized public transport, Home Office, flexible working hours and technical education, among others. You can also borrow a car from our company fleet, or go to/from work on our electric scooters!​​
Information about the selection process
How much you can earn is directly related to how much you know. Your paycheck grows with your skills. You can start as a developer and make your way up or we can hire you directly as an expert. If you are a good team leader, we can even hire you directly for this position.
Here is our tentative salary ladder (gross):
SW Engineer (Medior) 1800 - 2600 €
Senior SW Engineer starting at 2400 €
Expert / Technical Leader starting at 3000 €
The salary range is given in EUR. The salary is divided into a fixed and variable part (the variable part is paid in full unless the Code of Conduct is broken or work tasks are not performed).
This position is filled for PANTHEON.tech, a software R&D company specializing in network technologies and open-source solutions. PANTHEON.tech offers a dynamic, hands-on environment where you’ll collaborate with industry experts to build the networks of tomorrow. With a core focus on network automation and orchestration, we also deliver advanced solutions in SDN, NFV, or secure remote access with our enterprise-grade VPN. For over 25 years, we’ve been a trusted partner to some of the world’s largest enterprises, continuously innovating to shape the future of global networking.
For more information visit https://join.pantheon.team.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
JavaScript - Advanced
HTML - Skillful
CSS - Skillful
Sass - Skillful
Angular - Advanced
Linux - Basic
Personality requirements and skills
Required skills:
• Angular 13 + strict TypeScript
• PrimeNG + Prime Designer
• RxJS
• REST API
• Azure
• English language level B2+, as we utilize SCRUM and communicate with customers worldwide on a daily basis.
• A clean criminal record is a must.
Advantages:
• knowledge of networking principles and SDN
• UX skills
• OOP and asynchronous programming
• knowledge of GIT and other programming tools
• Knowledge of SCRUM, Client/Server architecture and Computer Networking is a huge advantage.
​
Are you ready to shape the future of tech? Apply now and make an impact!
​
Please note that according to the relevant provisions of the Labor Code, you are required to inform the employer of all facts that may potentially hinder the performance of work or that could cause harm to the employer. You are also responsible for the truthfulness, accuracy, and completeness of such information. If the information you provide proves to be false, inaccurate, and/or incomplete, the employer reserves the right to discontinue the selection process without further notice and to terminate it, as well as the right to take any further action necessary in accordance with the law.
​
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
V PANTHEON.team spájame silné stránky ôsmich, vzájomne sa dopĺňajúcich spoločností, aby sme poskytli komplexné riešenia.
Od tvorby inovatívnych sieťových technológii, precízneho účtovníctva, správy nehnuteľností, spoľahlivú technickú podporu po nadáciu, ktorá sa zaviazala k podpore vzdelávacích, športových a historických projektov - náš tím pracuje, ako jeden.
Objavte synergiu odborných znalostí, služieb a inovácií. Spoločne dosiahneme viac.
Pre viac informácií navštívte https://join.pantheon.team/.
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Lucia Pálinkásová
Tel.:
+421911620000
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5250607
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.3.2026
2026-03-13
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Frontend developer
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
PANTHEON.team
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 800 EUR/month