SAP SW Asset Management Specialist
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
4 000 EUR/month
In accordance with the EU Pay Transparency Directive, the minimum gross monthly compensation for this position, determined based on objective and gender-neutral criteria, is 4000 EUR/gross. The final compensation package will depend on the candidate's qualifications and relevant experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
SAP Software Asset Management Specialist
Zurich Insurance group is looking for a senior SAM specialist who specializes in SAP enterprise software to join global Software Asset Management function with an objective to optimize software contract spend, manage compliance, analyses data, draw the relevant conclusions and then work with others to implement opportunities or remediate risks. This is a challenging lead role, requiring a broad understanding of IT technology, service management processes and the ability to collaborate with many different stakeholder groups within Zurich Group.
GTO SW Asset Management comprises of an international team of SAM experts in three countries, managing a multi-million-dollar software portfolio and helping other IT stakeholders to achieve their objectives. This is a perfect opportunity for someone who would like to work at a groupwide global level in defining and implementing 'Best Practice' methodologies related to SAM service primarily in SAP space.
Your role
As a SAP Software Asset Management Specialist, your main responsibilities will involve:
Subject matter expertise, in-depth and proven knowledge of SAM operations and competencies, with ability to apply and advise on complex software licensing topics and produce ELPs specifically for SAP software.
Understands SAP licensing concepts, indirect usage rules and product use rights.
Navigating and leveraging the SAP System Measurement Tools - LAW, USSM, self-declaration metrics and SAP system survey in the S/4HANA environment.
Provide transparency of costs for SW contracts and assure fair allocation of charges to BUs and Service owners based on software usage.
Negotiate successfully across the organization and with external suppliers/vendors in a constructive and collaborative manner.
Maintains stakeholder community and enables information sharing environment.
Proactively identify and drive initiatives to achieve SW related savings, developing best practices and processes, to continuously improve software asset management service and to ensure compliance with budget and contractual requirements.
Identify necessary changes and play key role in the complex software contract negotiations, manage demand and contract updates, liaise with external vendors, legal, contract and sourcing teams.
Employee perks, benefits
Working time benefits
Personal days off, Concentrated work week, Additional vacation, Home office, Extra days off at occasion of childbirth, Sabbatical leave
Monetary benefits
Life insurance from Zurich Austria, Compensation for salary loss during sick leave, 3rd pension pillar contribution, Risk Life Insurance, Meal contribution on top of the legally required minimum, Years of service bonus, Wedding bonus, Baby bonus
Other benefits
Edenred electronic cafeteria, Public Transport contribution, Maternity leave benefits, Company and team events, Free parking at the office building, Massages in the office
Learning/Development
Professional Certifications, Online Education Portals, Extensive Onboarding program, Strengths based culture (GALLUP)
Location(s): Slovakia
Schedule: Full-time
Hybrid work: We would be happy to meet you in the office/ coworking space 3 times a week with the added flexibility of working from home on a weekly basis.
About us
At our company, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
As we consider transparent management and setting up processes in accordance with compliance rules to be the key to successful company management, we became proud member of Slovak Compliance Circle. We highly support initiative of Slovak Compliance Circle and its vision to build ethical business environment and bring best practice to wider Slovak business community.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
12.4.2026
(there are still 28 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Information Technology
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Experience in the position/sector
Information Technology
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
As a SAP Software Asset Management Specialist, your skills and experience will ideally include:
5+ years of relevant proven experience with:
direct responsibility and hands-on management of SAP software portfolio in enterprise
environment (irrespective of industry),
active hands-on work with general SAM and SAP specific system measurement tools,
advanced hands-on MS Excel skills (V/H-Look Ups, Pivots, Complex calculations, …),
Profit and Loss (P&L) calculations and accruals for cost impact.
Fluent spoken and written English (strong B2+).
analytical skills, financial and commercial acumen, attention to detail, ability to process data in a
complex global organizational environment,
organizational, productivity, time and project management skills,
ability to interface, influence and network with managers, staff and stakeholders inside and
outside of the organization,
Communication and negotiation skills.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Zurich is a leading multi-line insurer that serves its customers in global and local markets. With about 60,000 employees it provides a wide range of property and casualty, life insurance products and services in more than 200 countries and territories. Zurich’s customers include individuals, small businesses, and mid-sized and large companies, as well as multinational corporations.
Zurich Slovakia is a Competence Center based in Bratislava and Kosice providing highly specialized services for Zurich's headquarter in Switzerland and all Zurich Business units around the globe. Our services are focusing on all types of actuarial services – Life and Non-life, pricing and reserving, on data science and engineering, risk management, business intelligence, information technology, software asset management as well as insurance network management and technical accounting. Our Competence Center employs around 400+ staff from 20+ different countries.
At Zurich Insurance, we recognize the importance of fostering an open-minded, safe and inclusive environment for everyone. We stand with diversity and respect different backgrounds and lifestyles. That's why we've implemented numerous initiatives to ensure our employees feel comfortable, accepted and respected at all times.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Nikola Bilkova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5250104
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.3.2026
2026-03-13
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
Spoločnosť:
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 000 EUR/month