Java Software Engineer - Banská Bystrica
PANTHEON.team
Place of work
Banská Bystrica, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
according to agreement
Wage (gross)
1 800 EUR/month
depending on the level of seniority  - details for all levels see below
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you passionate about building cutting-edge solutions with Java? Do you thrive in a collaborative environment where your creativity and expertise are truly valued?
If so,
we want to hear from you!
At PANTHEON.tech we're looking for Java Software Engineers to join our team on a project that involves SDN technology. With a core focus on network automation and orchestration, we also deliver advanced solutions in SDN, NFV, or secure remote access with our enterprise-grade VPN. Our team is committed to building the networks of tomorrow.
​
What’s in it for you?​
* A fun, fast-paced environment, where you’ll collaborate with industry experts.
* Hands-on experience with cutting-edge tools and technologies.
* A team that values technical excellence and continuous improvement, with a culture of support.
* Flexible work environment with opportunities for growth.
​
What do we expect from you?
Strong proficiency in Java and proven hands-on experience. A solid understanding of software engineering best practices, a collaborative mindset, and passion for problem solving. Attention to detail matters, as your work may be visible to the open-source community, so take pride in what you create!
​
What will be your tasks?
Our teams are led by agile development and we expect you to actively participate in the backend development of our projects with a technological focus on Java. Your job will involve working on a prototype project - on something that no one has ever done before. Our customer's application was developed to deliver intuitive and useful network applications that abstract away unnecessary complexities to efficiently manage end-customer enterprise networks. Such applications enable efficient provisioning of network services using a common set of operations regardless of underlying SDN technology, products, or network elements. This, in turn, enables customer's staff to quickly deliver requested network services compliant with architectural standards without navigating the nuances of vendor-specific network solutions or provide to the end customer the self-service function. This SDN portal solution includes firewall and switch automation that provides visibility to network and network security vendor's devices. You will make sure that telcos, data centers, or ISPs stay up-to-date on the latest technologies and in the end, contribute to a faster, more interconnected world.
​
How high can you climb?
In our company, career growth is available for everybody willing to constantly improve himself. Through regular employee assessments, there is a high possibility of promotion from Trainee through Junior, Semi-Senior, and Senior to an Expert. Since we are a family-based company, we will be glad to hear anybody´s ideas and we will happily support good projects. Our seniors are some of the best in the industry!
Employee perks, benefits
What extras does PANTHEON throw in?
Anyone can offer you a perfect team, team buildings, LAN-parties, friendly environment, table football and a place to grow (of course, we do offer those too).
But the real benefits? Additional days off, 100% paid sick leave, subsidized public transport, Home Office, flexible working hours and technical education, among others. You can also borrow a car from our company fleet, or go to/from work on our electric scooters!​​
Information about the selection process
How much you can earn is directly related to how much you know. Your paycheck grows with your skills. You can start as a developer and make your way up or we can hire you directly as an expert. If you are a good team leader, we can even hire you directly for this position.
Here is our tentative salary ladder (gross):
SW Engineer (Medior) 1800 - 2600 €
Senior SW Engineer starting at 2400 €
Expert / Technical Leader starting at 3000 €
The salary range is given in EUR. The salary is divided into a fixed and variable part (the variable part is paid in full unless the Code of Conduct is broken or work tasks are not performed).
This position is filled for PANTHEON.tech, a software R&D company specializing in network technologies and open-source solutions. PANTHEON.tech offers a dynamic, hands-on environment where you’ll collaborate with industry experts to build the networks of tomorrow. With a core focus on network automation and orchestration, we also deliver advanced solutions in SDN, NFV, or secure remote access with our enterprise-grade VPN. For over 25 years, we’ve been a trusted partner to some of the world’s largest enterprises, continuously innovating to shape the future of global networking.
For more information visit https://join.pantheon.team.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Java - Advanced
Maven - Skillful
Linux - Basic
Personality requirements and skills
• Basic programming principles and skills (OOP, code conventions, unit testing,...) and work with code repositories.
• Proficiency in technologies we use: Java 11+, Maven/Gradle, UNIX/Linux, Bash. / We also work with the following Java frameworks: Spring Boot, OSGi, ServiceMix.
• Knowledge of SCRUM, Client/Server architecture and Computer Networking is a huge advantage.
• English language level B2+, as we utilize SCRUM and communicate with customers worldwide on a daily basis.
• A clean criminal record is a must.
Are you ready to shape the future of tech? Apply now and make an impact!
Please note that according to the relevant provisions of the Labor Code, you are required to inform the employer of all facts that may potentially hinder the performance of work or that could cause harm to the employer. You are also responsible for the truthfulness, accuracy, and completeness of such information. If the information you provide proves to be false, inaccurate, and/or incomplete, the employer reserves the right to discontinue the selection process without further notice and to terminate it, as well as the right to take any further action necessary in accordance with the law.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
V PANTHEON.team spájame silné stránky ôsmich, vzájomne sa dopĺňajúcich spoločností, aby sme poskytli komplexné riešenia.
Od tvorby inovatívnych sieťových technológii, precízneho účtovníctva, správy nehnuteľností, spoľahlivú technickú podporu po nadáciu, ktorá sa zaviazala k podpore vzdelávacích, športových a historických projektov - náš tím pracuje, ako jeden.
Objavte synergiu odborných znalostí, služieb a inovácií. Spoločne dosiahneme viac.
Pre viac informácií navštívte https://join.pantheon.team/.
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Lucia Pálinkásová
Tel.:
+421911620000
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5250604
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.3.2026
2026-03-13
lokalita:
Banská Bystrica
Pozícia:
Java Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
PANTHEON.team
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 800 EUR/month