C# Software Developer Junior for Healthcare projects
Miesto práce
Bratislava, Slovensko (Pozícia umožňuje občasnú prácu z domu)
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Platové ohodnotenie
1 700 EUR/mesiac
From 1700 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
O nás
Siemens Healthineers
Siemens Healthineers tvorí od roku 2001 medicínsky softvér. Tím spoločnosti má viac ako 1000 členov v Bratislave, v Žiline a Košiciach, pričom úzko spolupracuje s ďalšími medzinárodnými tímami.
Popis pracovnej pozície a zodpovednosti
We are looking for
C# Software Developer
for our software platform
Syngo
.
Syngo
is an intelligent imaging software for multi-modality reading for all key clinical fields, used from general radiology to oncology, from cardiovascular to neurology. It provides excellent base for optimal diagnosis and therapy decisions. See more on the Medical Imaging - Siemens Healthineers
Your team will be working on challenging tasks to enable software platform for multiple medical devices and processing of high-throughput as well as big volume of data, real-time diagnoses and data visualization.
As a part our the team you will participate on agile software development including defining requirements, implementation of automated tests, implementation and maintenance of product code, technical documentation, bugfixes, communication with stakeholders and contribution to the team and company strategic goals.
Requirements:
Minimum 1 year of hands-on experience in software engineering preferably with C#/.NET, Angular/Typescript
Experience in using and applying OOD, OOP and design patterns and basic understanding of the software development life cycle (SDLC) and engineering practices such as TDD, CI, code review, etc.
Basic knowledge of UML and Containerization / Kubernetes is nice to have
Good written and verbal communication skills in English
Analytical, problem solving skills and aptitude for learning new technologies
Ability to work in a team environment
Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards:
starting from 1700 EUR brutto /month + VAR*
*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions.
Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
What do we offer:
Variable and Christmas bonus
Hybrid type of work – combination of telework and work from office
Flexible Working Hours
Bridge days – free extra paid leave 6 days per year
3 sick days per year (no doctor’s permit needed)
In case of sickness 100% salary reimbursement 20 days/ year, this includes max. 10 days/ year for of family care
Additional pension plan
300 EUR for regeneration of work force via cafeteria system
Wellbeing program – Psychological, Legal and Financial Counseling
Family care program (subsidy for newborns, maternity leave, kindergardens, summer camps)
Retention program (work anniversary, life anniversary, employee loans)
Training and development program (business and product trainings, e-learning, language courses, soft skills trainings…)
Adjustable standing desk as a standard
Participation on world famous IT conferences like Microsoft IGNITE for best employees
Wide project portfolio in healthcare domain and job rotation within company (Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare IT services, …)
Who we are:
We are a team of more than 71,000 highly dedicated Healthineers in more than 70 countries. As a leader in medical technology, we constantly push the boundaries to create better outcomes and experiences for patients, no matter where they live or what health issues they are facing. Our portfolio is crucial for clinical decision-making and treatment pathways.
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
We care about your data privacy and take compliance with GDPR as well as other data protection legislation seriously. For this reason, we ask you not to send us your CV or resume by email. Please create a profile within our talent community and subscribe to personalized job alert that will keep you posted about new opportunities.
To all recruitment agencies:
Siemens Healthineers' recruitment is internally managed, with external support permitted only when a qualified supplier has established a formal contract with us. Unsolicited candidate submissions and referrals, absent a current supplier contract, do not establish consent and are ineligible for fees. We delete and destroy unsolicited information, thus, would recommend you refrain from any such practices. Your adherence to our policies is appreciated.
Potrebné vzdelanie, zručnosti a osobnostné predpoklady
Vzdelanie
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
Jazykové znalosti
Anglický jazyk - Stredne pokročilý (B2)
Poslať životopis
Odporučiť ponuku známemu
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Pridaj sa k nám!
Pošli CV
Klikni pre viac informacií
ID:
5250441
Dátum zverejnenia:
13.3.2026
2026-03-13
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
C# programátor
,
Programátor
,
Softvérový inžinier
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 700 EUR/mesiac