Backend Developer (Node.js/Typescript)
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
By agreement
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/month
Attractive benefit system of client.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are seeking a skilled developer to join our agile development team, where team members collaborate as equal partners, taking on a diverse range of responsibilities. The ideal candidate has experience of delivering high-quality code and has worked in an agile environment.
As a developer, your primary focus will be on the development fresh product - mobile application used for access control . You will work closely with the supplier to achieve sprint and release goals. You will also be expected to actively participate in meetings and other activities to contribute to the overall development process to ensure high quality and timely delivery of our products.
Employee perks, benefits
· Individual development and education
· Flat and flexible organization
· Social activities
· Flexible working hours
Information about the selection process
Please send your CV to email stanislav.vrabel@sourcefirstinternational.com. We have multiple vacancies, not only in Slovakia and Czech, but also at international projects.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
1.6.2026
(there are still 75 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our client is company providing security solutions.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Personality requirements and skills
- University degree in informatics, electronics, data science or related field
- B1 English level (written & verbal)
- Expertise in Node.js/Typescript, Express.js
- Experience with DB layer, Cloud technologies and Infrastructure (preferably AWS) and Authentication
- Knowledge of container technologies and monitoring (from developer point of view)
- Strong communication skills
- Ability to work independently and drive results
Nice to have skills:
- Experience with mobile development (iOS - Swift, Swift I, PassKit and related libraries/frameworks)
- Experience with JavaScript UI frameworks such as Angular
- Background in working with agile development methodologies such as Scrum
- Knowledge of access control and security systems
- Fundamentals of automated testing
- Solid understanding of software architecture
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Stanislav Vrabel
Tel.:
+421903857296
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5251944
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.3.2026
2026-03-17
lokalita:
Žilina
Pozícia:
Backend developer
,
iOS Developer
,
IT Consultant
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 000 EUR/month