Senior Java Engineer
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
Upon agreement.
Wage (gross)
3 800 - 5 500 EUR/month
Upon seniority level.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Highly motivated, collaborative engineering team that is responsible for building and running sophisticated, scalable and high-quality public cloud applications is looking for Senior Java Developer. The team consists of architects, developers and test engineers with a shared company mission: to make the world more resilient.
In close collaboration with business peers and surrounding tech teams they act in true start-up fashion – innovative and cross-functional.
Employee perks, benefits
​​​​- flexible working time
​​​​- hybrid type of home-office
​​​​- kindergarten - available in our building
​​​​- yearly salary re-evaluation
​​​​- sick days
​​​​- MultiSport card
​​​​- mental & medical health support
​- public transport donation​
Information about the selection process
Please send your CV to jakub.halajcik@sourcefirstinternational.com
We always have several positions for IT Specialists not only in Slovakia and the Czech Republic, but also on foreign projects.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
2.7.2026
(there are still 106 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
Our Client is one of the world’s leading providers of reinsurance, insurance and other forms of insurance-based risk transfer, working to make the world more resilient. They anticipate and manage a wide variety of risks, from natural catastrophes and climate change to cybercrime. Combining experience with creative thinking and cutting-edge expertise, they create new opportunities and solutions for clients.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Personality requirements and skills
Are you eager to make an impact? Do you wish to have your talent recognized and rewarded? Then join our team and find an encouraging environment in which we aspire to make the impossible possible.
- You have a wealth of experience in building public cloud applications in Java
- Experience in high performance / parallel computing (HPC). GPU programming as a plus
- Understanding of the implications and the trade-offs of different solutions with regards to performance, reliability, availability and security
- Strong problem-solving and collaborative mindset
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Jakub Halajcik
Tel.:
+421902528675
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5251903
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.3.2026
2026-03-17
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Architect
,
IT Consultant
,
Java Programmer
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 800 EUR/month