Provisioning Specialist (Junior)
Servers.com
Place of work
Mlynské nivy 18890/5, 821 09 Ružinov, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 000 EUR/month
Also, the income can increase depending on the complexity of the tasks that you will perform in the future.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are a global hosting IaaS platform providing physical and cloud servers to customers from the USA, Europe, Asia. We also work with different services – load balancer, Managed Kubernetes, monitoring and Firewall. We build a fully automated platform able to cover various requirements of our customers all over the world.
On this role you will interact with various teams within our company that develop and maintain our network infrastructure.
No advanced experience required — just a basic PC background and a passion for learning.
On this role you will
:
interact with various teams within our company that develop and maintain our network infrastructure;
configure network equipment (Juniper, Brocade, Extreme);
arrange maintenance for network infrastructure in data centers;
create technical tasks for on-site engineers to install and replace network equipment;
conduct business correspondence with service providers.
Basic
r
equirements:
entry-level PC background (details involving server and network technology are taught by us);
attentiveness, diligence, curiosity, and readiness to perform routine tasks
written and spoken English from Intermediate+ level.
What do we offer:
fully support during the training, access to our knowledge base;
detailed and step-by-step introduction to the technical aspects of the position;
mentor assistance, learning modern IT technologies;
working with advanced networking technologies within the Data Center market;
comfortable working conditions: schedule without night shifts, no overtime, no phone support, smooth integration into the workflow;
opportunity to practice and improve your English;
excellent pay and all necessary equipment;
remote work from Bratislava with the possibility to use our co-working space;
support of legalization in Slovakia if needed.
​
Welcome to join our team!
​
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Intermediate (B1)
and
Russian - Advanced (C1)
Experience in the position/sector
1
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Servers.com is a global IaaS hosting platform. It offers a full suite of computing, storage, and networking services with a focus on single-tenant infrastructure solutions.
Number of employees
250-499 employees
Contact
Contact person: Tatyana Seraya
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5251184
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.3.2026
2026-03-16
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Servers.com
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 000 EUR/month