Android POS Developer
SOITRON, s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava region, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
3 800 EUR/month
From 3 800 EUR/month. Our final offer will depend on the seniority and expertise of a candidate
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a POS Android Kotlin developer to support business projects.
Development of new features and unit tests for Android POS terminals
Programming in Kotlin language for Android POS terminals in use of Android Studio tools
Integration of UI FIGMA outputs within Android Studio
Supporting the local development team for Kotlin programming language
Supporting and preparing relevant functional and technical documentations
Supporting and update in-house simulators for unit testing
Number of years of experience required:
Minimum 5 years
Place of work, remote working:
Hybrid work. 3 days office, 2 days remotely.
Employee perks, benefits
We provide wide range of benefits, with option to personalize it according to your preferences. Working with us, gives you opportunity to:
work for stable and established Slovak company
career development, paid
financial support in life situations
recreation voucheres
multisport card
fully paid anonymous therapy sessions
supplementary pension savings
healthcare benefit package
budget for HW & SW and more..
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Personality requirements and skills
Solid knowledge of Android platform and Kotlin mobile application development
Familiar with architectural application desing
Experience with optimalization and debugging of mobile applications
Knowledge of SQL, XML, RESTful API, JSON
Knowledge of POS payment transaction processing is advantage
Experience of POS payment application development is advantage
Knowledge of SPDH protocol is advantage
Write efficient, reusable, and reliable code in C language is advantage
Programing languages: Kotlin and Java (for Android), C# (for Windows), C
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
SOITRON (member of SOITRON Group) is a Central European IT integrator operating in the market since 1991. The company's philosophy is to constantly move forward, which is why it is a leader in implementing unique technologies and innovative solutions.
It offers clients products and services in the field of network and communication solutions, cybersecurity, data centres, IT outsourcing, IT support, and advisory.
Its portfolio includes smart police car solutions – Mosy and cybersecurity services – void SOC (Security Operations Center).
Soitron Group employs more than 850 international experts, with professional teams in Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Romania, Turkey, Bulgaria, Poland, and the UK.
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Mgr.  Barbora Kormančíková
Tel.:
+421905381798
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5251389
Dátum zverejnenia:
16.3.2026
2026-03-16
lokalita:
Bratislava region
Pozícia:
Android Developer
Spoločnosť:
SOITRON, s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 800 EUR/month