Who we are
Company
Open Roles
12
Benefits
Early Talent
Back
Lead Software Engineer - React
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Start date & Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 4 600 EUR/month
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Who is CAT Digital? What do we do?:
Big machines require big thinking. Are you looking or your next big challenge?
Cat® Digital is the digital and technology arm of Caterpillar Inc., leveraging the latest technologies to build industry leading digital solutions for our customers and dealers. With over one million connected assets worldwide, our teams use data, technology, advanced analytics, telematics, and AI capabilities to help our customers build a better world.
Working with a Fortune 100 leader, you can build your career on a global scale and take advantage of development opportunities with emerging technologies. We’ve created an inclusive environment for you to explore your passions, make an impact and do the work that really matters. Join Us.
Job Opportunity:
We are seeking talented individuals to join our team to help us grow our presence, organization, culture, which will drive our digital product development efforts. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies and collaborate with top professionals working on very high impact and visibility products. Don't miss this chance to join and support digital innovation for a global leader in heavy machinery!
What will you do?
As Lead React Engineer you will be a handson technical leader responsible not only for delivering features, but also for ensuring technical excellence, longterm maintainability, and healthy engineering practices within the digital product area. You will operate at a level where architectural intent is translated into daytoday engineering decisions, ensuring that solutions are scalable, secure, and sustainable, as well as:
Own and continuously curate the technical backlog to reduce technical debt (including dependency upgrades, performance and reliability improvements, and security and compliance findings).
Supervise test management and defect handling, ensuring bugs are clearly reported, categorized, and prioritized.
Partner with QA and L2/L3 support to ensure production readiness and operation.
Set clear expectations for code quality, test coverage, and delivery predictability, and continuously improve them using engineering metrics and datadriven insights.
Enable and uplift engineers through mentorship, clearly defined standards, and modern development tooling, including responsible use of AIassisted development.
Keep a strong engineering culture focused on quality, consistency, and continuous improvement.
Stay up to date with the latest trends and advancements in IT development.
Identify skills gaps and growth opportunities within the team and actively support upskilling.
This position works directly with Slovakia-based engineering leadership and Cat Digital IT in US.
Employee perks, benefits
At Cat Digital, we are committed to fostering a culture of innovation and continuous learning, and we believe in investing in the development of our employees. As a member of our team, you will have access to a wide range of training and development opportunities, as well as very competitive compensation and benefits packages, like:
4 600+ euros / month gross
Performance related annual cash incentive
1 Volunteering Day
5 days of extra vacation above the legislative requirement
Attractive Life insurance
Multisport Card
Take the chance to apply now for this position at Cat Digital Slovakia branch!
Information about the selection process
Please frequently check the email associated with your application, including the junk/spam folder, as this is the primary correspondence method. If you wish to know the status of your application – please use the candidate log-in on our career website as it will reflect any updates to your status.
Caterpillar is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws.
Caterpillar is committed to creating a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion, respect and integrity, customer focus, and innovation. For more information, visit https://www.caterpillar.com/en/careers/why-caterpillar.html
Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
What you have:
Core leadership & engineering competencies:
Strong decisionmaking and criticalthinking skills applied to complex technical systems.
Excellent communication skills across engineering, product, and business stakeholders.
Deep understanding of SDLC, Agile delivery, and enterprise software development.
Proven experience designing and integrating systems using modern integration patterns and APIs.
Required technical experience/knowledge:
Development
HTML5, CSS3
React, Node.js, Next.js, JavaScript, TypeScript
REST API design and integration, SQL
Experience with distributed or microservicesbased systems
Authentication, authorization, and entitlementdriven access models
Cloud & DevOps
Deployment and operation in AWS and/or Azure
CI/CD pipelines (Azure DevOps, Jenkins, GitHub Actions)
Containerization (Docker) and cloudnative deployment patterns
Quality & Delivery
Strong experience with automated testing and regression strategies
Testing frameworks (Playwright)
Experience working in Agile / Scrum environments
Proven track record of maintaining high engineering standards in production systems
Top Candidates will also have:
Formal education in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or relevant experience in similiar field.
Strong passion for engineering excellence, maintainability, and longterm system health.
Experience modernizing or stabilizing large, longlived codebases.
Exposure to production monitoring, observability, and operational support.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Caterpillar
is a company of
builders
. Of
challenge breakers
. Of
innovators
who want to impact the world. Our people build and design the products and services that help
shape the communities
where we work and live.
We are building on our legacy and innovating for the next generation. One where
technology-enabled services
create improved outcomes for our people and the customers and communities we serve.
Our ability to innovate and build
begins with our people
. Our tech and digital teams are at the forefront of Caterpillar’s evolution – taking pride in
solving complex problems by building new systems
from the ground up.
On our team, you’ll
leverage data
from across our entire enterprise and
more than 1.5M connected assets
to solve problems and find solutions that open a new world of possibilities for our machines, our customers, our dealers and our business.
While the challenge is great, so is the opportunity. Working with a
Fortune 100 leader
, you can build your career
on a global scale
and take advantage of development opportunities with
emerging technologies
like telematics, data engineering, AI and machine learning, and predictive analytics.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Ľubomíra Jarošová
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
If there is currently no open position suitable for you, please submit your e-mail address and preferences. If a new position (opened in the future) aligns with your qualifications and interests, you may be contacted about the opportunity.
Send CV
Poštová 18, 040 01 Košice
© 2025-2026 Caterpillar. All rights reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5252424
Dátum zverejnenia:
17.3.2026
2026-03-17
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
Frontend developer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Caterpillar Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
4 600 EUR/month