Nové Mesto nad Váhom
Kechnec Powertrain
Kechnec Electronics
Bratislava
IT Specialist Network (Infr. & Network)
Place of work
Kechnec, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
2 500 EUR/month
Salary from 2500 EUR per month, 13th salary guaranteed. The final offer will be related to the candidate's experience
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Administrate and further develop firewall systems (Check Point, Fortinet)
Administrate LAN/WAN network systems (Cisco)
Ensure ongoing operations, conducting error analyses, and resolving incidents
Plan, implement and operate different network related solutions (Proxy)
Create and maintain operational concepts, documentation, and monitoring of responsible systems
Advise internal projects on network architecture and security requirements
Execute projects in the area of network security and lifecycle management
Train and support IT colleagues and service desk in handling of security solutions
Coordinate external service providers and support audits
Participate in on-call duty
Employee perks, benefits
Zamestnanecké výhody, benefity
Individuálny kariérny program pre zamestnancov.
Garantovaný 13-ty plat.
Kvartálny Bonus - ekvivalent spolu max 14-ta mzda.
Príspevok na cestovné podľa vzdialenosti 20-150 EUR / mesiac.
Príplatky nad rámec Zákonníka práce za prácu poobede, v noci, nadčas, víkendy, sviatky, pohotovosť až do 120 EUR / mesiac
Medziročné navýšenie mzdy.
Zvýhodnené stravovanie v našej kantíne.
Vernostný príspevok po každých 5tich odpracovaných rokoch
Dovolenka navyše po 3och, 5tich, 10tich a 15tich odpracovaných rokoch
Ročný balík benefitov v systéme fPoho
Bonus pri jubileách.
Príspevok na teambuilding.
Odmeny za vykonané zlepšenia.
Odmena za darovanie krvi mimo pracovného času.
Bonus za odporučenie nového zamestnanca.
Vreckové navyše pri zahraničnej služobnej ceste.
Flexibilný pracovný čas (ak ho pozícia dovoľuje).
Práca v medzinárodnej automotive spoločnosti.
Information about the selection process
V prípade, že Vás aktuálna ponuka zaujala a spĺňate uvedené požiadavky, zareagujte na Profesii a zašlite nám, prosím, životopis.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
IT network´s, security
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
IT networks, security
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
Completed education in IT (apprenticeship, technical college, university of applied sciences,
university) or equivalent professional experience
5-10 years of experience in firewall and network infrastructure administration
Profound knowledge of firewall technologies: VLANs, Routing, NAT
Demonstrated ability to work effectively in a team environment and independently.
Experience with tools such as FortiManager, Loadbalancer and Proxy is an advantage
Certifications in network security (e.g., Check Point, Fortinet) are desirable
Independent, structured working style with a high level of initiative
English proficiency required, with strong verbal and written communication skills. German
language proficiency of advantage
Team player
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Magna is more than one of the world’s largest suppliers in the automotive space. We are a mobility technology company with a global, entrepreneurial-minded team of 164,000 employees and an organizational structure designed to innovate like a startup.
With 65 years of expertise, and a systems approach to design, engineering and manufacturing that touches nearly every aspect of the vehicle, we are positioned to support advancing mobility in a transforming industry. Our global network includes 337 manufacturing operations and 106 product development, engineering and sales centres spanning 28 countries.
Viac informácií o spoločnosti
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Maroš Serafin
E-mail:
send CV
Poslať životopis
ID:
5252997
Dátum zverejnenia:
18.3.2026
2026-03-18
lokalita:
Kechnec
Pozícia:
IT System Administrator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Systems Administrator
,
Systems Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Magna
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month