Senior Java Software Engineer (Air Traffic Management)
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
3 500 EUR/month
Freelancer´s hourly rate upon agreement. The final basic wage component will be adjusted to individual skills and experience of selected candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
​
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services (FSS)
as a member of the Austrian Group FREQUENTIS AG, is focused on software development, system engineering and delivery of safety-critical voice communication and information systems. Our solutions are developed and distributed in the following business segments:
Air Traffic Management & Defence
(civil and military air traffic control, aeronautical information management),
Public Safety
(police, fire and rescue services, emergency medical services) and
Public Transport & Maritime
(railway and urban transport solutions, vessel traffic management).​
Your Role
You will be part of an international team working on advanced solutions in the
Air Traffic Management (ATM)
domain.
The role is focused on the development of modern digital tower solutions, specifically contributing to the
smartSTRIPS product
, which is part of the broader Tower automation portfolio. smartSTRIPS is a next-generation electronic flight data solution designed to support air traffic controllers by digitizing and streamlining flight strip management, improving efficiency, situational awareness, and safety in tower operations.
The solution is used in safety-critical environments and integrates with other systems within the ATM ecosystem, supporting seamless communication and coordination.
Main Responsibilities
Contributing to the development of SW solutions for safety-critical applications in an exciting area of the Air Traffic Control domain
Analysing requirements, design and development of SW solutions for radio, phone and data communication systems
Using tools for code analysis and automated testing
Documenting SW solutions in accordance with the international quality standards
Contributing to the safer SW solutions using agile development, automated testing, and continuous integrations.
Technical Skills & Competencies
Java 17, Maven, Git, Docker, Jenkins
JavaScript, React, CSS
Akka, JSON, RabbitMQ/AMQP, WebSocket, HTTP/REST, SIP/SDP
JUNIT tests, CATS (test automation platform)
etcd, Zabbix, OpenSearch/Kibana
Jama, JIRA, Confluence
Experience with the operations systems Windows, UNIX/Linux
Experience with Java, JavaScript - advanced
Employee perks, benefits
Training and development program (business and product trainings, language course)
Employee Referral Program (financial reward for recommending a successful candidate)
Employee assistance program (law consultations, finance/tax consultations, psychological assistance paid by employer)
Meal contribution fully paid by the company
Multisport card/Pension scheme contribution (DDS)
Flexible working hours, home office
Refreshments, company & team events
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Telecommunications, Information Technologies
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Java - Advanced
UNIX/Linux - Skillful
JavaScript - Advanced
Personality requirements and skills
Perfect communication skills and strong awareness of diverse work cultures, supporting effective collaboration with our international clients
Be an active listener and able to reflect on other people´s inputs and opinions
Ability to think fast and come up with creative solutions
Proficiency      in spoken and written English
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Our Bratislava-based company FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is part of the Austrian FREQUENTIS group (www.frequentis.com). We are a leading global supplier of communication and information solutions for safety-critical applications, such as for air traffic control towers, public safety control rooms (112) or air defense forces. Our mission-critical solutions cover diverse areas, such as telephony and radio communication, Geographical Information Systems (GIS), incident and resource management, video surveillance and automatic video analytics.
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is specialized in software development and project delivery. Together with our parent company we are developing FREQUENTIS’ next generation control room solutions, using state-of-the-art technologies and processes. Our delivery teams then deploy those solutions at our customers around the globe, with responsibility for commercial and technical project management, engineering and quality assurance.
To grow our team, we are constantly looking for talents in all these fields. Our company offers an interesting and challenging technical environment, a people-focused culture with emphasis on a good work-life-balance and, if desired, a long-term development and career opportunities.
For our customers, lives may be at stake and seconds count. Our solutions thus need to be developed to the highest standards when it comes to usability and reliability. Safety is what guides us from the first designs till the final tests of any of our solutions. If those are the kinds of challenges that excite you, then you have come to the right place!
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Eva Lajchová
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5252876
Dátum zverejnenia:
18.3.2026
2026-03-18
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Java Programmer
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month