Poď s nami budovať udržateľnú budúcnosť Sisecam
o spoločnosti
pracovné pozície
benefity
Place of work
Malacky
Contract type
full-time
Start date
dohodou
Wage (gross)
2 200 EUR/month
The final salary depends on the candidate’s experience
Lean Implementation Technician
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
- Experience with SAP S/4HANA (preferably in Production modules).
- Good knowledge of production orders, production movements, and inventory transactions in SAP.
- Understanding of manufacturing processes and basic production flow.
- Strong analytical and problem solving skills, especially regarding COGI and inventory.
- Ability to work with cross functional teams and handle daily operational follow-up.
- Ability to analyze cycle times on individual projects to improve production line performance
- Responsible for meeting the OEE and productivity target, analyses any deviations, defines and implements corrective measures
- Ability to plan machine capacities and the distribution of projects at individual operations
Employee perks, benefits
- Opportunity to work in a stable and well established manufacturing company with progressive production growth
- Annual salary bonus
- Financial contributions for childbirth and marriage
- Seniority bonus
- Financial reward for life and work anniversaries
- Referral bonus (“recommend a colleague” program)
- Learning opportunities based on personal preferences (language courses, professional training); e learning platform
- Flexible working hours
- Rich social program (St. Nicholas packages, vitamin and fruit packages for Health Day, gifts for Children’s Day, Women’s Day, etc.)
- Subsidized meals
- Multisport card
- Free legal advisory services
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Intermediate (B1)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Excel - Advanced
The position is suitable for a fresh graduate
Yes
Personality requirements and skills
- Excel – advanced level
- Experience with processing production data is an advantage
- Experience with efficiency evaluation is an advantage
- Analytical thinking
- Precision and attention to detail
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Sisecam was founded in 1935 to establish Turkey’s glass industry in line with the vision of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, a great leader respected worldwide. Today, Sisecam is a major global player in the fields of glass and chemicals. Sisecam is the only global company operating in all core areas of glass production – including flat glass, glassware, glass packaging, and glass fiber. Currently, Sisecam ranks among the world’s top two manufacturers of glassware and the top five producers of glass packaging and flat glass. Sisecam is one of the three largest soda ash producers in the world and the world leader in chromium chemicals.
Sisecam plays a leading role in the flat glass, glassware, glass packaging, chemicals, automotive, glass fiber, mining, energy and recycling business lines. Sisecam operates production facilities in Germany, Italy, Bulgaria, Romania, Slovakia, Hungary, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Russian Federation, Georgia, Ukraine, Egypt, India, and the USA in addition to Turkey.
Sisecam who takes firm steps towards its goal of becoming one of the world's top 3 manufacturers in its main fields of activity, with its competent human resources and smart technologies, and uninterruptedly continues to transform its digital infrastructure and culture by considering the future necessities. Sisecam who has 88 years of experience, more than 25 thousand employees, production activities in 14 countries on four continents, and a sales network of more than 150 countries, continues its growth journey in line with its "Global Excellence" strategy and with an inclusive approach that supports the development of company's entire ecosystem. Sisecam takes responsibility for protecting the planet, empowering society and transforming life with its CareForNext strategy, which is compliant with and centered around the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Sisecam uses all its experience and competencies to promote sustainable development in every aspect. http://www.sisecam.com.tr/sk/.
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Terézia Valachovičová
E-mail:
send CV
www.sisecam.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5252396
Dátum zverejnenia:
25.3.2026
2026-03-25
lokalita:
Malacky
Pozícia:
Administrative Worker, Official
,
Database Analyst
,
Process Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Sisecam Automotive Slovakia s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month