C# / .NET Programmer
Resonate Services s.r.o.
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
2 500 EUR/month
We’re required by law to disclose the basic wage component for this position, but rest assured, we value your unique skills and experience. Our compensation package is thoughtfully designed, taking into account your qualifications, experience, and contributions, and it may be negotiable. Our goal is to ensure fair and competitive pay in line with market standards, and we’re excited to welcome top talent to our team!
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are currently seeking a talented C#/.NET Developer/ Programmer with “Medior or Senior” level experience and expertise, to work for Resonate, to join our development team and be part of a greater team that will deliver product enhancements and new products, whilst working within an agile development environment.
Resonate have established a development practice for creating specialist tools for the Unified Communications space; these are based on the Microsoft Power Platform and Azure cloud resources. We have seen explosive growth in this area and would like to expand our team to cater for the demand.
You will be primarily developing applications using C# with focus on serverless architecture based on .NET APIs and background processes within a serverless container architecture, in this role.
Primary Responsibilities
Design, develop, test, support and deployment of applications
Collaborates with the Product Owner and Agile team in understanding feature requirements
Participate and contribute to the Agile development lifecycle
Develop and maintain scalable, reliable, and secure software solutions. Write maintainable code, apply best practices, and participate in code reviews to ensure adherence to quality standards.
Collaborate with teammates, giving and receiving feedback to foster growth
Contribute to and promote excellence in engineering output by mentoring and helping the junior members of the team.
Employee perks, benefits
Financial benefits:
• Variable quarterly bonus depending on reaching company’s objectives and individual performance goals (KPIs),
• Referral bonus,
• Contribution to the 3rd pension pillar (1% of gross salary, without a need of employee contribution),
• Childbirth bonus,
• Financial contribution for meals (4€),
Work-life balance:
• Flexible working hours and hybrid working model (incl. home office),
• 2 extra paid vacation days (on top of 20/25) per year after 2 years with the company,
Wellbeing:
• Multisport card,
• Team-building program,
• Company breakfast every Thursday (on-site),
• Stocked kitchen with free drinks, freshly roasted coffee, and vitamin care packages (on-site),
• Ergonomic work station (on-site),
• Support with setting up the home office workplace,
• Free bicycle garage (on-site),
• Free parking space (on-site),
• Work anniversary present and recognition rewards,
Career plan:
• Annual salary review based on performance,
• Growth assessment,
• Adaptation, training, and development program (upskilling and reskilling, certificates).
Information about the selection process
We’d love to hear from you! Please attach your CV in English when applying for this position. While we’d love to connect with everyone, we’ll be in touch with candidates whose qualifications best align with the role.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT, Telecommunication, Software Developer
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
IT
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
You do not have to fulfill all the criteria to 100%. We are looking for talented and motivated people who are keen to learn new things and grow with us.
​
Technical Skills
Experience with C# language development, with .NET 7+ and .NET Framework
Experience developing cloud services on Azure.
Experience developing fast and scalable REST API applications.
Experience working with databases (such as MongoDB / CosmosDB).
Preferred and desirable skills
Experience with front-end development such as Typescript/React/JavaScript is desirable.
Developing containerized applications using Docker desirable.
Experience developing unit tests using various unit testing frameworks.
Experience building CI/CD pipelines in Azure/Github.
Experience working with CRM systems desirable.
Experience working with Teams / Microsoft Graph APIs and PowerShell desirable.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Resonate is an experienced team of experts in Unified Communications. We developed the expertise by leading the delivery of the largest and most complex solution in the world for one of the world’s largest companies.
In doing so, we’ve worked alongside many industry experts and exceptionally talented people within our own organization. Resonate is all about bringing that expertise and those relationships together for our customers to help them achieve tremendous cost savings whilst enabling innovation and removing legacy solutions.
We have seen a staggering growth in the last five years with an increasing demand for our quality services in the UC arena, which has been even further accelerated with the Covid pandemic. This growth is set to rise hence our requirement for top class talent to help grow the company to new heights.
Number of employees
50-99 employees
Contact
Contact person: People Team
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5252982
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.3.2026
2026-03-19
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
,
C# Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Resonate Services s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month