Senior SAP Transportation Management Consultant
DXC Technology
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 500 EUR/month
Salary can be higher depending on experience and skillset.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the rolе
​
To boost our team we are looking for an experienced Senior SAP Transportation Management  (TM) Consultant to lead the design, implementation, and optimization of SAP TM solutions. The ideal candidate will work closely with business stakeholders, technical teams, and project managers to deliver scalable, efficient SAP TM solutions aligned with business goals
​
Daily challenges
​
•	Consulting   customers on the design, optimization, and digitalization of logistics   processes in transportation management operations
•	Conducting requirements analyses, preparing business blueprints, and   developing target concepts
•	Implementation, customizing, and testing in SAP TM (e.g., Order   management, Transportation planning, Execution, Freight Settlement)
•	Experience in Business Network for Logistics is a plus
•	Integration of modules with adjacent SAP areas (e.g., SD, MM, LE, EWM) as   well as non-SAP systems
•	Managing and leading subprojects or complete project streams
•	Supporting rollouts, migrations, and go-live activities
•	Conducting key user training and ensuring knowledge transfer to internal   teams
•	Supporting presales activities, effort estimations, and proposal   creation
​
eXperience and skills required
​
•	Several   years of professional experience as an SAP TM Consultant
•	Experience in implementing SAP TM Shipper scenario
•	Deep understanding of end-to-end logistics processes (transportation,   warehouse, procurement, sales)
•	Strong customizing skills in SAP S/4HANA TM
•	Experience in conducting workshops, process modeling, and creating   technical specifications
•	Knowledge of common integration interfaces (web services, API)
•	Strong analytical skills, communication abilities, and customer   orientation
•	Fluent in English; German language skills are an advantage
Employee perks, benefits
Company benefits
Employee Assistance Program.
Referral Program.
Learning Platforms and Programs
Life insurance.
Opportunity to obtain a Multisport card. ​
Extra 3 vacation days Discounts and special offers from selected vendors.
Public transportation allowance for physical/ hybrid work arrangement.
​​Benefit Plus system (exceptional amount to spend for various options – sports, books, activities, vouchers etc) ​​
Sick days
At DXC Technology, we believe strong connections and community are key to our success. Our work model prioritizes in-person collaboration while offering flexibility to support wellbeing, productivity, individual work styles, and life circumstances. We’re committed to fostering an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive.
If you feel comfortable with the above-mentioned requirements, please send us your
CV in English
.
Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.
DXC Technology stands for equal opportunities, namely, we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, disability, or sexual orientation.  All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience, and relevant business requirements.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
and
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
SAP S4Hana - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
3+
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
With 1200+ employees DXC Technology Slovakia belongs to the biggest Slovak IT companies. DXC Technology is a Fortune 500 global IT services leader. Our more than 130,000 people in 70+ countries are entrusted by our customers to deliver what matters most.
We use the power of technology to deliver mission critical IT services across the Enterprise Technology Stack to drive business impact. DXC is an employer of choice with strong values, and fosters a culture of inclusion, belonging and corporate citizenship.
We are DXC.
Your career info : https://www.dxc.com/us/en/careers
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Lili Yankulova
Tel.:
+35924926207
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5253936
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.3.2026
2026-03-19
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Consultant
,
SAP Consultant
Spoločnosť:
DXC Technology
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 500 EUR/month