Is Data Science your expertise? Join us!
localhost s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 2 800 EUR/month
Final agreement depends on your skill-set and experience. This is the subject of a partnership agreement during the selection process.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for experienced Data Science Engineer to help us grow. If you want to be part of international project, this is the position for you.
As a
Data Science Engineer
focusing on data pipelines, you will play a critical role in developing, deploying, and optimizing cloud based solutions. This position requires experience and proficiency with Python and AWS to drive business value and enhance user experiences across our platforms.​
What you'll do:
Directing the data mining, data gathering, and data processing in large volume; creating appropriate data models.
Exploring, promoting, and implementing semantic data capabilities through Natural Language Processing, text analysis and machine learning techniques.
Defining requirements and scope of data analyses; presenting and reporting possible business insights to colleagues/management using data visualization technologies.
Evaluating and conducting research on data model optimization and algorithms to improve effectiveness and accuracy on data analyses.
Determining the root cause of organizational problems and creating alternative solutions that resolve these problems.
Employee perks, benefits
6 extra days off: 3x localhost days and 3x sick days
Referral bonus
Benefit plus budget
Multisport Card
Financial contribution to Pension plan
Education support (certificates, courses, trainings)
Physiotherapist sessions once a week in the office
Bonuses at every smashing life events
Flexible working arrangements
Transparent approach and communication
Supporting your ideas
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Experience in the position/sector
4
Personality requirements and skills
Proven experience with Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, etc.).
Experience with AWS services, Cloud ELT/ETL, Snowflake, SQL.
Working knowledge and experience in practical applications of Machine Learning techniques such as Clustering, Logistic Regression, Random Forests, SVM or Neural Networks.
Strong knowledge of end-to-end data lifecycle across traditional data warehouses, relational databases, operational data stores, business intelligence reporting, as well as new concepts such as data fabrics, data mesh, and data lake house.
Strong understanding of data governance, metadata management, data quality, data modeling, and data architecture concepts.
Experience utilizing quantitative analysis/ data management (data design, data quality, metadata, governance, etc.).
Knowledge of data technology products and components for Big Data and Cloud (AWS, Data Lakes, and similar)
Ability to clearly communicate complex technical ideas, regardless of the technical capacity of the audience.
Knowledge of data management systems; ability to use, support and access facilities for searching, extracting and formatting data for further use.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Join the digital revolution with localhost!
We're not your average IT company. As a team of passionate tech experts based in Košice, we've spent the last decade empowering global and local brands alike.
Our 100+ strong team of engineers is committed to your success, constantly learning and adapting to bring you the most innovative solutions and state-of-the-art software. Whether you're a startup or an enterprise, we're your trusted partner.
Reach out today and let's shape your digital future together: info@localhost.company
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Patrik Polák
Tel.:
+421905595022
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5253040
Dátum zverejnenia:
18.3.2026
2026-03-18
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Cloud Engineer
,
Data Engineer
,
Data Scientist
,
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
Spoločnosť:
localhost s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month