Technical Customer Service with German & English
As a Technical Customer Service (CGS Nexus), you will have the opportunity to connect with our valued customers and provide them with the best experience possible. Your success is our success, and we are looking for individuals who are eager to learn, enjoy working with people, and are committed to delivering world-class customer support.
Our queue provides solutions for both in-scope and out-of-scope issues, supporting customers whose Technical Support or Service Contract has expired, as well as customers who experience out-of-scope hardware or software issues while their system is still under warranty.
Job skills:
Troubleshoot, research, isolate, and resolve information system issues using internal knowledge base and tools.
Identify customer issues that require escalation to the next level for resolution under established protocols.
Utilize a comprehensive understanding and knowledge of information systems products and services to provide technical assistance to customers.
Carry out additional duties and tasks as delegated by the Team Lead.
Handle customer inquiries received directly through the queue via phone, or other internal communication channels.
Prepare service pricing, quotations, and invoicing based on the diagnostics performed.
Ensure accurate documentation of all interactions, cases, and recommended solutions.
Maintain high levels of customer satisfaction through professional communication and efficient problem solving.
Escalate complex or unresolved cases in alignment with internal procedures and service guidelines.
Requirements:
1-3 years of experience in Customer Service and/or Technical Support
High School Diploma (or equivalent) with a willingness to learn through on-the-job training
Experience in using or supporting Microsoft Windows and PC hardware and software
Demonstrated strong verbal, written, and listening skills
Strong work ethic with the ability to meet quality, productivity, and attendance metrics
High level of professionalism with a keen focus on customer satisfaction
German knowledge (advanced) is a must
English must be the second language (advanced) needed for the bilingual skill request
Schedule is M - F, business hours, fully remote
Monthly salary starts at €1,700 gross, with annual increases reaching up to €1,900 gross after the second year.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5253739
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.3.2026
2026-03-20
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Customer Support Specialist
,
Helpdesk Operator
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
COMPUTER GENERATED SOLUTIONS ROMANIA SRL
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 700 EUR/month