Fullstack Developer .NET Core, React
GoodWill Recruitment, s.r.o.
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 200 - 4 200 EUR/month
The salary amount depends on the candidate's experience and seniority. Each candidate is assessed individually.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a Fullstack Developer to join the team developing advanced industrial solution. In this role, you will design, develop, and maintain end-to-end software solutions - from robust .NET backends to intuitive React-based frontends. You’ll play a key role in ensuring system quality, performance, and scalability within an international development environment.
Develop      fullstack solutions using .NET backend and React frontend technologies,      including programming, testing, and bug fixing.
Design      and maintain frontend architecture and the underlying technology stack to      meet both functional and non-functional requirements.
Provide      reliable effort estimations, manage technical debt, and promote clean code      and best development practices.
Ensure      continuous integration, participate in quality assurance, and collaborate      on infrastructure and automation improvements.
Support      deployment activities, ensuring solutions are technically sound and ready      for live operation.
Apply      professional software development methodology and contribute to continuous      process and product improvement.
Deliver      high-quality software aligned with project objectives and organizational      standards.
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
An international software development company.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Information Technology
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
​
Experience as a software developer with C#/.NET, preferably .NET      Core 6+, ASP.NET Core, and EF Core.
Experience with React is plus
Experience      working with database systems.
Familiarity      with microservices and messaging architectures
Proficiency      with Git and version control best practices.
Experience      developing and optimizing high-performance, multithreaded and concurrent      applications
Knowledge      of software modeling tools and architecture modeling
Excellent      written and spoken English communication skills.
Comfortable      working in an international and cross-functional team environment.
Nice to Have:
Experience      with industrial IoT systems
Hands-on      experience with Docker
Previous      experience with data visualization libraries
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Sme GoodWill Recruitment - Vaši kariérni inovátori. Ak chcete zmenu a máte chuť napredovať, pozrieme sa s vami na to, aké možnosti máte vo svojom segmente a zistíme, akú výzvu vám vieme ponúknuť. Vyhľadávame špecialistov v oblasti výroby, vývoja, logistiky, elektrotechniky, informačných technológií, financií či ľudských zdrojov. Môžeme sľúbiť osobný prístup, férovosť a čestnosť. Sme Goodwill Recruitment - spájame správnych ľudí so správnymi firmami.
Vážime si váš prejavený záujem a ďakujeme za zaslanie životopisu. Kontaktovať budeme kandidátov, ktorí spĺňajú požiadavky na danú pozíciu.
Contact
Contact person: Ján Hajnik
Tel.:
+421948614486
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5253114
Dátum zverejnenia:
18.3.2026
2026-03-18
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
.NET Programmer
,
Backend developer
,
Frontend developer
,
Javascript Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
GoodWill Recruitment, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 200 EUR/month