SAP Senior Consultant (MM / Ariba / Direct Procurement)
DXC Technology
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 200 EUR/month
Salary can be higher depending on experience and skillset.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
​
About the rolе
​
As a   SAP Senior Consultant specializing in Materials Management (MM), SAP Ariba,   and Direct Procurement, you will be responsible for providing both functional   and technical expertise in procurement processes. You will support   international transformation programs, optimize end-to-end purchasing   workflows, and act as a trusted advisor for our global business stakeholders.
Daily challenges
•	Analyze, design, and optimize procurement processes within Direct Procurement
•	Provide consulting and Customizing in SAP MM
•	Implement and enhance SAP Ariba solutions (Sourcing, Contracts, SLP, Guided Buying / Buying & Invoicing)
•	Ensure seamless integration between SAP ERP/S/4HANA and SAP Ariba
•	Develop functional and technical specifications as well as process documentation
•	Lead and facilitate workshops with business units and international teams
•	Contribute to rollouts, migrations, and procurement transformation initiatives
eXperience and skills required
•	Several   years of professional experience as SAP MM Consultant
•	S4/HANA certified in SAP MM and ideally SAP Ariba
•	Deep expertise in Direct Procurement and materials management processes
•	Strong hands-on experience with SAP Ariba solutions and integration   scenarios
•	Solid Customizing knowledge; experience with S/4HANA is an advantage
•	Strong analytical mindset and process orientation
•	Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills
•	Fluent English language
Employee perks, benefits
Company benefits
Employee Assistance Program.
Referral Program.
Learning Platforms and Programs
Life insurance.
Opportunity to obtain a Multisport card. ​
Extra 3 vacation days Discounts and special offers from selected vendors.
Public transportation allowance for physical/ hybrid work arrangement.
​​Benefit Plus system (exceptional amount to spend for various options – sports, books, activities, vouchers etc) ​​
Sick days
At DXC Technology, we believe strong connections and community are key to our success. Our work model prioritizes in-person collaboration while offering flexibility to support wellbeing, productivity, individual work styles, and life circumstances. We’re committed to fostering an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive.
If you feel comfortable with the above-mentioned requirements, please send us your
CV in English
.
Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.
DXC Technology stands for equal opportunities, namely, we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, disability, or sexual orientation.  All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience, and relevant business requirements.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
and
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
SAP Ariba - Advanced
SAP Ariba Cloud - Advanced
SAP Materials Management (MM) - Advanced
SAP S4Hana - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
3+
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
With 1200+ employees DXC Technology Slovakia belongs to the biggest Slovak IT companies. DXC Technology is a Fortune 500 global IT services leader. Our more than 130,000 people in 70+ countries are entrusted by our customers to deliver what matters most.
We use the power of technology to deliver mission critical IT services across the Enterprise Technology Stack to drive business impact. DXC is an employer of choice with strong values, and fosters a culture of inclusion, belonging and corporate citizenship.
We are DXC.
Your career info : https://www.dxc.com/us/en/careers
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Lili Yankulova
Tel.:
+35924926207
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5253941
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.3.2026
2026-03-19
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
SAP Consultant
Spoločnosť:
DXC Technology
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 200 EUR/month