Market Analyst
InoBat Europe j.s.a.
Place of work
Voderady, Slovakia, Trnava - Voderady (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
​The Market Analyst will provide critical insights that guide business strategy and support growth initiatives. By analyzing market trends, customer behavior, and competitive dynamics, the analyst ensures that the company can make data-driven decisions, anticipate market changes, and seize new opportunities.
Conduct detailed market research to understand industry trends, competitor activity, customer needs, and market dynamics;
Collect, analyze, and interpret quantitative and qualitative market data to support strategic and commercial decision-making;
Identify emerging market opportunities, sales potential, potential risks, and areas for product and business growth;
Monitor market developments, regulatory changes, and technology trends relevant to the business;
Prepare clear reports, dashboards, and presentations that translate insights into actionable recommendations;
Collaborate closely with Sales and BD teams, Project managers, Technical solutions & PD team and marketing to support product development, go-to-market strategies, and commercial initiatives;
Track key market indicators, competitive positioning, customer segments, and performance metrics;
Support forecasting, scenario planning, and competitive benchmarking activities;
Communicate insights and recommendations to management and key stakeholders.
Employee perks, benefits
Flexibility in working hours. We are a result-driven organization and we let our colleagues manage their time.
Enjoy 5 extra days of paid holiday! We value work-life balance and understand the importance of spending quality time with family and friends.
Transportation allowance – Commuting made easy! At our company, we support our employees by covering a portion of their transportation costs, whether they travel to work daily or only occasionally.
Enjoy daily meal vouchers worth €4.29 to support your healthy eating habits at work!
A company culture that is based on trust, openness, meritocracy and heart-centered leadership, that we shape together and every opinion matters.
Diversity! We are a cultural melting pot!
Co-creation of the company processes and organization. Your ideas are what we need.
Professional growth
Fast career growth. We believe in the internal promotion.
Personal and professional growth through various learning opportunities, especially through work with top industry experts and the international management team.
Exposure to a fast-developing, disruptive project that will shape the future of mobility;
Possibility to support Company scale-up towards Giga factories securing strategic customers;
Access to a broad network of experienced colleagues and clients from a variety of industries across the globe.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Economics, Statistics, Data Science, or related field.
Language skills
Slovak - Proficiency (C2)
and
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Excel - Advanced
Microsoft PowerPoint - Advanced
Driving licence
B
Personality requirements and skills
Experience requirements:
2–4 years of experience in market research, business analysis, or data-driven roles.
Other requirements:
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills (Proficiency in statistical analysis and data interpretation)
Proficiency with data analysis and visualization tools
Ability to present insights clearly to non-technical audiences
Curious, eager to learn, self-motivated and detail oriented
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
InoBat is a Slovakia-based company established in January 2019 aiming to create an R&D cluster and accelerator focusing on the development of battery solutions in the energy and e-mobility sectors. InoBat develops technologies with international partners looking to expand their global reach to the European continent in general, especially Central and Eastern Europe.
InoBat Auto, one of its flagship projects, is a Slovak battery production and R&D company. Together with its technological partner Wildcat Discovery Technologies, its aim is to build the first vehicle lithium-ion battery production line and research center in Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Vivien Straňáková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5253836
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.3.2026
2026-03-19
lokalita:
Trnava - Voderady
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Business Analyst
,
Data Analyst
Spoločnosť:
InoBat Europe j.s.a.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month