SAP Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC)
DXC Technology
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 200 EUR/month
Salary can be higher depending on experience and skillset.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
​
About the rolе
We are looking for an experienced SAP GRC Consultant to join our internal team and help our clients optimize their risk management, compliance and support SAP GRC environments.
If you have expertise in SAP Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) and want to work on interesting projects, we would love to meet you!
​​
Daily challenges
•	Implementation and configuration of SAP GRC solutions (Access Control GRC   AC, Process Control GRC PC, Risk Management GRC RM, respectively Audit   Management)
•	Support and maintenance of Access rights and security management
•	Design and implementation of security policies and rules to manage user   permissions,
•	Analysis and resolution of access rights conflicts (SoD analysis)
•	Analysis of customer requirements and design of appropriate security and   access management solutions
•	Support of audits and regulatory compliance checks
•	Monitoring compliance with internal security standards and recommending   necessary modifications in SAP GRC
•	Providing expert advice and training to both internal teams and end   users
•	Collaborating with IT and business teams to optimize control   processes
•	Documentation of procedures, creation of user manuals and methodological   guidelines
​
eXperience and skills required
•	University degree or equivalent experience
•	Experience with administration and support or implementation of SAP GRC   modules
•	Knowledge of SAP authorizations, user roles and access control   principles
•	Experience with SAP GRC and SAP ERP/S/4HANA integration scenarios
•	Knowledge of database queries (SQL) and experience with ABAP programming   is an advantage
•	Work experience with Xiting tools is an advantage
•	Experience with auditing and risk management an advantage
•	Fluent English, analytical thinking, ability to work in a team
Employee perks, benefits
Company benefits
Employee Assistance Program.
Referral Program.
Learning Platforms and Programs
Life insurance.
Opportunity to obtain a Multisport card. ​
Extra 3 vacation days Discounts and special offers from selected vendors.
Public transportation allowance for physical/ hybrid work arrangement.
​​Benefit Plus system (exceptional amount to spend for various options – sports, books, activities, vouchers etc) ​​
Sick days
At DXC Technology, we believe strong connections and community are key to our success. Our work model prioritizes in-person collaboration while offering flexibility to support wellbeing, productivity, individual work styles, and life circumstances. We’re committed to fostering an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive.
If you feel comfortable with the above-mentioned requirements, please send us your
CV in English
.
Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.
DXC Technology stands for equal opportunities, namely, we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, disability, or sexual orientation.  All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience, and relevant business requirements.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
and
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
SAP Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) - Advanced
ABAP - Skillful
SQL - Skillful
SAP S4Hana - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
3+
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
With 1200+ employees DXC Technology Slovakia belongs to the biggest Slovak IT companies. DXC Technology is a Fortune 500 global IT services leader. Our more than 130,000 people in 70+ countries are entrusted by our customers to deliver what matters most.
We use the power of technology to deliver mission critical IT services across the Enterprise Technology Stack to drive business impact. DXC is an employer of choice with strong values, and fosters a culture of inclusion, belonging and corporate citizenship.
We are DXC.
Your career info : https://www.dxc.com/us/en/careers
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Lili Yankulova
Tel.:
+35924926207
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5253948
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.3.2026
2026-03-19
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Compliance Specialist
,
Risk Manager
,
Risk Specialist
,
SAP Consultant
Spoločnosť:
DXC Technology
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 200 EUR/month