About us
Our benefits
Open positions
IT Service Analyst (part-time student role)
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
part-time
Wage (gross)
From 10 EUR/hour
The minimum gross base salary for this role is 10 EUR/ per hour. Our final offer to you will be set up fairly, considering the skills and experience that you bring to the Swiss Re Group.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the role
We are looking for a proactive, self-driven student with analytical thinking who enjoys organization, teamwork and learning. In this role, you will support the Corporate Functions InfoTech Delivery Services team with operational, administrative, and coordination tasks.
This is a unique opportunity to gain hands-on experience in an international environment, work across different teams, and learn about incident/problem management, project coordination, and operations in a global company.
Key responsibilities
•	Track and organize deliverables across the organization; follow up with team members and monitor progress.
•	Prepare and review reports, documents, and presentations using Word, PowerPoint, and Excel.
•	Support the setup and improvement of processes, routines, and filing systems using SharePoint, Teams and our AI tools.
•	Support incident and problem management by monitoring tickets, checking KPIs, following up on overdue items, and analyzing repetitive issues.
•	Help onboard new team members to tools and processes.
•	Prepare agendas and meeting materials, write and distribute minutes, and follow up on action items.
•	Assist with communication tasks and other ad hoc administrative support.
•	Help organize team meetings, workshops, and internal events.
•	Actively contribute to projects and initiatives prioritized each quarter.
About the team
The Corporate Functions Info Tech team is part of D&T Group Functions in Swiss Re’s Digital & Technology organization. We deliver and manage end-to-end digital solutions that empower employees worldwide. Our CFIT Delivery Services team supports areas such as testing, product insights, talent, and performance. We share a strong focus on collaboration and continuous improvement.
Information about the selection process
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University student
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
You are a student who is motivated to learn, eager to contribute, and comfortable working in a fast-paced international setting. You are detail-oriented, organized, and proactive, with good communication and collaboration skills.
Must-have skills:
•	Strong organizational and time management abilities.
•	Advanced level of English (written and spoken).
•	Analytical mindset.
•	Working knowledge of Excel, Outlook, Word, PowerPoint.
•	Interest in gaining IT knowledge.
Nice-to-have skills (or willingness to learn):
•	Experience with project coordination or project management.
•	Interest in incident/problem management.
•	Familiarity with Microsoft Office tools, PowerBI is a plus
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Livia Pasztorova
Apply here
ID:
5253463
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.3.2026
2026-03-19
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
10 EUR/hour