One bank.
Many career paths.
#makeITmatter
Software Engineer #Java #Angular #PL/SQL (all humans)
Location:
Košice, Košický kraj, Slovakia
Working-Hours:
fulltime_permanent
Division:
Core Integration & Platforms
Company:
Erste Digital
Apply now
Make a difference in the financial life of millions of people: At Erste Digital you are co-creating the digital future, in which better financial health is possible.
#believeinyourself
We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle.
We are looking for an engaged and enthusiastic Software Developer to join our team help shape our applications for the future by building efficient and stable APIs and state of the art front-ends as well as microservices.
What to do:
Technically elaborating and implementing requests from business stakeholders, cooperation partners (internal and external) and within the team with solution-managers and centralized programmers
Ensuring that requirements are delivered on time, within budget and with high quality
Managing daily operations and ensuring their smooth execution
Overseeing both run and change processes
Coordinating and prioritizing operational tasks
You check these boxes:
Hardskills:
Experience in Java for min. 3 years, Angular
Spring Boot
Spring Framework
REST-API Development - How to design Endpoints
PL/SQL
Write clear and maintainable unit tests (JUnit, Mockito)
Experience working with Maven
Nice to have: skills in performance tuning and troubleshooting
Softskills:
Ability to work in a team, reliability and resilience
Ability to iterate quickly without sacrificing quality and attention to detail
A passion of improving existing systems as well as creating "Functional & Technical Specifications" and the corresponding software and documentation
A commitment for learning and sharing knowledge with others
Strong communication skills in English
Occasional night or weekend duties do not deter you
Why you will like us:
Possibility to benefit and learn from our international, talented and passionate community at Erste
Interest groups and clubs: Take part in discussions and get involved in projects. Numerous interest groups invite you to engage with a topic
Health Care – Taking care of your health is important. That’s why we contribute to your above standard medical examination and provide a helpline in case of hard lifetime situations. You also receive a salary compensation during sick leave
Work-Life-Balance – Sabbatical, paternity leave, contribution to marriage & childbirth, 4 days of extra holiday per year, contribution to the 3rd pillar and MultiSport card. This is how we promote a balance between work, leisure, and family
Employee Referral Program – Become a talent scout for career opportunities in IT. We are rewarding every successful referral for Erste Digital
A competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - we are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 3000,- gross per month for this full time position. But this is just a formality, we are more than happy to discuss your actual expectations.
The way we are:
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual orientation or origin.
Apply now
Follow us:
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5253744
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.3.2026
2026-03-20
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Architect
,
Java Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Erste Digital GmbH
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month