Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Enterprise Architect for Edge Computing
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
Enterprise Architect is responsible / accountable for development and optimization of IT architecture on Enterprise level: for this purpose he caries out analysis and evaluation of customer and technical requirements; develops implementation concepts and held accountability for implementation. Enterprise Architect assumes responsibility / accountability for all interactions of components, systems, functions from the network to the point of interaction with the customer; in this context, he designs a comprehensive vision and co-create strategy taking into account high level business requirements and implications, with a view to sustainability. Among previous, he identifies and evaluates innovations in technology fields and being actively involved with implementation within the Group and in the industry (standardization, open source communities, suppliers, interest groups, patents, etc.)
What will you do?
EDGE COMPUTING
Assuming responsibility / accountability for all interactions of components, systems, functions from the network to the point of interaction with the customer; in this context, designing a comprehensive vision and co-create strategy, taking into account high level business requirements and implications, with a view to sustainability
Identifying and evaluating innovations in technology fields and being actively involved with implementation within the Group and in the industry (standardization, open source communities, suppliers, interest groups, patents, etc.)
Devising concepts, policies, standards, guidelines and other documents for the assigned area(s) of responsibility and agreeing these with internal departments and customers
Steering and coordinating the architecture and design activities, including those of major strategic and international projects and programs
Advising and consulting top management on technological, architectural issues of development, transformation and integration
Practicing active management and transfer of knowledge
Serve as point of escalation, review, and approval for architecture issues
Manage the conception, planning and implementation of the contractually agreed services results
Lead technical workshop with customer to gather parameters required for migration
You will succeed if you:
Completed studies in mathematics, computer science or training in another technical discipline is a plus
5  years’ experience with automation in cloud environment
Experience with Application Monitoring & Tools
Experience with Container Infrastructure, Microservices
Experience with Kubernetes, REST APIs, Helm, Rancher
Experience with Kubernetes Cluster, Remote Worker Nodes and API-Server
Experience with Data Analytics tools and services
IoT Management tools, services, platform expertise
Experience with agile software / product development methods such as Scrum or Kanban as well as in accompanying a product development team
Experience with databases (Influx, Mongo, Postgres, MySQL …)
Very good Linux skills
Experience with Backups / Restorations in container infrastructure
Good knowledge of network architecture, infrastructure, and Software Defined Networks
Experience with IAM / Keycloak and operation
Experience with network security standards in Linux environments and Kubernetes
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 3 100 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Cecilia Kotercova
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5253840
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.3.2026
2026-03-19
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Architect
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 100 EUR/month