Lenovo Slovakia
Benefits
Jobs
Contact us
Product/Process Owner - Marketing and Incentives Programs
What do you need to succeed in this opportunity
- 5-8 years of experience in B2B / channel sales, sales enablement, or partner experience management.
- Strong experience with channel partner relationship management, enablement tools, and portal ecosystems.
- Proven ability to manage cross functional initiatives, influence diverse stakeholders, and deliver results in complex environments.
- Strong understanding of B2B/channel processes, user experience, workflow optimization, and automation.
- Advanced analytical skills, with hands on experience in reporting, dashboards, KPIs, and deriving actionable insights from data.
- Excellent communication, problem solving, and training skills; project management experience is a plus.
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Business, Marketing, IT, or related field
What will you do
We are seeking a highly motivated and experienced individual to join our LXG Partner Digital Experience team, which owns and manages the suite of tools and technologies that enable our Partners, Sellers, and support teams. The goal of this role is to ensure that our sales and support teams have the right tools, technologies, and optimal user experience to effectively engage with sellers and Partners to drive sales, and close deals.  You will be responsible for the effectiveness, adoption and ultimately user satisfaction of an assigned set of tools & solutions through the measurement of KPIs (eg OSAT) and feedback.
In this role, you will be focused on listening to our Sellers and Partners and improving their experience on deployed platforms. You will lead key initiatives that involve process improvements, tool usability, data & insights, performance and adoption. We are seeking a highly skilled experience manager to join our team with the responsibility of delivering WW revenue growth, Partner Satisfaction, Ease of Use.
Key Responsibilities:
- Own and define the vision and strategic roadmap for partner engagement and the partner portal, aligned with broader business and WW revenue objectives.
- Lead the development, optimization, evaluation, and long-term scalability of partner platforms and tools to improve Partner and Seller experience.
- Analyze, design, and continuously improve end to end partner processes across engagement, learning, and enablement journeys.
- Act as the primary liaison across cross-functional teams (Business Ops, L&D, IT, Partner Support), aligning priorities and driving coordinated delivery.
- Establish and drive global governance, ensuring progress tracking, accountability, and effective cross-team collaboration.
- Define, monitor, and act on KPIs (e.g., OSAT, adoption, usage) to measure tool effectiveness, process performance, and partner satisfaction.
- Translate user feedback, platform analytics, and partner behavior insights into actionable recommendations for business leaders.
- Champion continuous improvement through data, automation, usability enhancements, and industry best practices.
- Lead change management, communication, and internal training to ensure successful adoption of new tools, processes, and capabilities.
Other information
Place of work:
Landererova 12, Old Town, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Salary offer (gross):
From 2 700 EUR/month
Base gross monthly salary starts from 2700 EUR. The final offer could be, of course, negotiated higher than the advertised minimum - it all depends on your experience! In addition, there is also variable part (a bonus) in value of 12% of your annual earnings.
Contract type:
full-time
What we offer
Healthcare and well-being
Development
Work - life balance
Bonus system
Community life (CSR)
About Lenovo
Lenovo is a company in a constant state of
creation.
Here, you'll
architect
your own career,
pioneer
new ideas and
master
new skills.
Lenovo Slovakia employs more than
25 nationalities
and
is the biggest shared service center in Lenovo Group.
Our people share a common aspiration to
be the very best.
Whether
serving
our customers,
working
together as a team or
contributing
to the community, we are working to build
unique company.
APPLY
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5253686
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.3.2026
2026-03-19
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Product Owner
Spoločnosť:
Lenovo (Slovakia) s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 700 EUR/month