Senior SAP Consultant – Data Migration
DXC Technology
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 200 EUR/month
Salary can be higher depending on experience and skillset.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
​
About the rolе
​
To   boost our teamand act as a Senior SAP   Consultant specializing in data migration, you will lead the planning,   design, and execution of complex SAP data migration initiatives. Your role   includes guiding clients, ensuring high data quality, and delivering seamless   migrations into SAP ERP or S/4HANA environments.
​
Daily challenges
​
Lead   end-to-end SAP data migration projects, including ERP → S/4HANA transitions.
Analyze source and target systems and define migration rules and mapping   strategies.
Develop, document, and execute SAP data migration concepts and cutover plans.
Use SAP migration tools such as SAP Migration Cockpit, LSMW, BAPIs, IDocs,   and SAP Data Services.
Perform ETL processes including extraction, transformation, validation, and   loading.
Ensure data quality through rigorous testing and reconciliation procedures.
Collaborate with functional consultants, technical teams, and business   stakeholders.
Create documentation including mapping sheets, migration reports, and   testing evidence.
Advise clients on SAP data governance, best practices, and migration   strategies.
Support pre-sales activities such as scoping, estimation, and proposal   creation.
​
eXperience and skills required
​
5+   years of SAP consulting experience with a focus on data migration.
Strong understanding of SAP ERP/S4 data structures across all SAP   modules
Hands-on experience with ETL tools like SAP Migration Cockpit and SAP   migration frameworks.
Ability to design and implement SAP cutover and migration strategies.
Excellent analytical, communication, and documentation skills.
Experience leading project teams or workstreams.
Proficiency in English; German is an advantage.
Employee perks, benefits
​
C
ompany benefits
Employee Assistance Program.
Referral Program.
Learning Platforms and Programs
Life insurance.
Opportunity to obtain a Multisport card. ​
Extra 3 vacation days Discounts and special offers from selected vendors.
Public transportation allowance for physical/ hybrid work arrangement.
​​Benefit Plus system (exceptional amount to spend for various options – sports, books, activities, vouchers etc) ​​
Sick days
At DXC Technology, we believe strong connections and community are key to our success. Our work model prioritizes in-person collaboration while offering flexibility to support wellbeing, productivity, individual work styles, and life circumstances. We’re committed to fostering an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive.
If you feel comfortable with the above-mentioned requirements, please send us your
CV in English
.
Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.
DXC Technology stands for equal opportunities, namely, we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, disability, or sexual orientation.  All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience, and relevant business requirements.
​
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
or
English - Advanced (C1)
or
German - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
SAP HANA - Skillful
SAP S4Hana - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
5+
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
With 1200+ employees DXC Technology Slovakia belongs to the biggest Slovak IT companies. DXC Technology is a Fortune 500 global IT services leader. Our more than 130,000 people in 70+ countries are entrusted by our customers to deliver what matters most.
We use the power of technology to deliver mission critical IT services across the Enterprise Technology Stack to drive business impact. DXC is an employer of choice with strong values, and fosters a culture of inclusion, belonging and corporate citizenship.
We are DXC.
Your career info : https://www.dxc.com/us/en/careers
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Lili Yankulova
Tel.:
+35924926207
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5253940
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.3.2026
2026-03-19
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Consultant
,
SAP Consultant
Spoločnosť:
DXC Technology
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 200 EUR/month