SOC Analyst Junior
Binary Confidence s.r.o.
Place of work
Bottova 2a, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
Up on agreement
Wage (gross)
1 500 EUR/month
Salary can be discussed based on the experience of the candidate.  Possibility to work also on night/weekend shifts with special pay.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Who will you join?
Binary Confidence is looking to hire cybersecurity enthusiasts, offering opportunities to junior and mid-level specialists with IT related education or experience who see their future in this field. Our Security Operations Center (SOC) operates 24/7, and we are looking for dedicated professionals to join our dynamic team. If you believe you are the right fit, you could become a part of our team of cybersecurity experts and learn from them every day.
Your typical day?
Monitor and investigate security incidents of various clients using network and hostbased data.
Analyze, evaluate and report security incidents of our clients and conduct initial incident triage.
Evaluating clients’ security status daily.
Coordinate with clients’ IT staff to validate alerts.
Document and escalate incidents that may cause impact to the clients’
environment.
Support simulated exercises to enhance detection and response capabilities.
Complete your tasks using your precise and analytical thinking, supported by cybersecurity veterans with lifelong experience and knowledge.
Availability: Candidates must be willing to work during night shifts and weekends, as our SOC operates 24/7.
Employee perks, benefits
What do we have prepared for you?
Multisport card
Additional 5 days of vacation
Referral bonus
Snack and fresh fruit + coffee at the workplace
Birthday gifts
Massages at work
Dog-friendly office
Teambuilding activities and company celebrations
Young dynamic team, friendly informal atmosphere
Trainings and access to security conferences and meetings of CSIRT teams
Place of work: Skypark Office Bratislava
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
The position is suitable for a fresh graduate
Yes
Personality requirements and skills
Your expertise?
• Possess general IT knowledge (operating systems, databases, applications,
networks).
• Be proactive and ready to propose new solutions.
• Embrace new challenges and work effectively both independently and as a part of a team.
• Demonstrate analytical thinking and the ability to quickly comprehend complex systems and processes.
• Proficiency in administering of Windows or Linux servers.
• Previous experience with programming / scripting is a big plus (though not
mandatory).
• Be trustworthy and capable of handling confidential information.
• Be committed to continuous learning and staying up to date with the latest trends.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Binary Confidence is a managed security services provider founded by professionals with government and private sector experience in combating security breaches, cyber fraud and cyber-crime. By securing high target state and corporate clients, security is the ultimate goal for us at Binary Confidence. Our team is trained exclusively to deliver best security services for our clients. Our core business is to provide our clients 24/7 remote IT security monitoring, defense and security incident handling.
Contact
Contact person: Simona Lörinczová
Tel.:
+421948212965
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5253522
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.3.2026
2026-03-19
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Analyst
,
IT Security Specialist
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
Binary Confidence s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 500 EUR/month