Software Developer - working student
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
part-time
Salary
6 EUR/hour
From 6 €
gross / hour
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Our software is used in thousands of devices which are used around the globe. Each scanner helps to diagnose 30-90 patients in emergency, cardiology, or intervention departments daily, so we contribute to health care for hundreds of thousands of people.
Software development in this area allows us to learn innovative technologies and apply the knowledge in experimenting and innovation initiatives.
In a friendly team, you will be gradually involved in various areas of our product development.
We are looking for a student interested in SW development of Siemens Healthineers. We want to involve you in our student’s mentoring program, learning and experimenting.
Send us your CV today to become part of our team.
Expected work time is 20 hours/week.
Required education, skills and personality requirements
Required education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
at least intermediate knowledge of C# or C++ or Python
Basic salary component (gross) and other remuneration:
The offered remuneration is from 6 € gross / hour. Depending on experience + after incorporation possibility to increase.
We offer
Long-term part-time job during your studies with the opportunity to gain experience in an international company and try out other positions
Possibility to work 20 hours a week with flexible working hours
Possibility of self-realization in an international corporate environment
Meal vouchers
How we work:
When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Check our Careers Site at
https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/sk
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Send CV
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Join us!
Send CV
Click for more information
ID:
5253676
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.3.2026
2026-03-19
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
C# Programmer
,
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Siemens Slovensko
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
6 EUR/hour