SAP SD Consultant
DXC Technology
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
Salary can be higher depending on experience and skillset.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the rolе
We are looking for an experienced Senior SAP Consultant (m/f/d) with a focus on Sales & Distribution (SD) to support our customers in optimizing their sales processes and successfully implementing modern cloud solutions such as SAP C4C and SAP CPQ. In this role, you will take responsibility for the advancement of digital sales processes and contribute to innovative transformation projects.
Employee perks, benefits
Daily challenges
Analyze and optimize end-to-end sales processes based on proven SAP best practices
Develop modern, scalable, and user-oriented solution concepts within the SAP SD environment
Advise on integration scenarios between SAP ECC/S/4HANA, SAP C4C, and SAP CPQ
Independently configure SAP SD, including pricing, order management, and billing
Configure SAP C4C to support efficient sales and service processes
Set up and maintain complex pricing and quoting logic in SAP CPQ
eXperience and skills required
5+   years of hands-on experience as an SAP SD Consultant, ideally in complex   customer environments
Strong understanding of key SD processes such as quotation management,   pricing, delivery, and billing
Solid expertise in SAP C4C and SAP CPQ as well as experience with   integration scenarios
SAP SD customizing and familiar with modern SAP architectures
Basic knowledge of ABAP is a plus
Excellent communication and consulting skills
Structured, solution-oriented, and self-driven working approach
High level of teamwork and enthusiasm for digital innovation
Company benefits
Employee Assistance Program.
Referral Program.
Learning Platforms and Programs
Life insurance.
Opportunity to obtain a Multisport card. ​
Extra 3 vacation days Discounts and special offers from selected vendors.
Public transportation allowance for physical/ hybrid work arrangement.
​​Benefit Plus system (exceptional amount to spend for various options – sports, books, activities, vouchers etc) ​​
Sick days
At DXC Technology, we believe strong connections and community are key to our success. Our work model prioritizes in-person collaboration while offering flexibility to support wellbeing, productivity, individual work styles, and life circumstances. We’re committed to fostering an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive.
If you feel comfortable with the above-mentioned requirements, please send us your
CV in English
.
Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.
DXC Technology stands for equal opportunities, namely, we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, disability, or sexual orientation.  All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience, and relevant business requirements.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Language skills
Slovak - Advanced (C1)
and
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
SAP Sales and Distribution (SD) - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
5+
Number of years of experience
5
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
With 1200+ employees DXC Technology Slovakia belongs to the biggest Slovak IT companies. DXC Technology is a Fortune 500 global IT services leader. Our more than 130,000 people in 70+ countries are entrusted by our customers to deliver what matters most.
We use the power of technology to deliver mission critical IT services across the Enterprise Technology Stack to drive business impact. DXC is an employer of choice with strong values, and fosters a culture of inclusion, belonging and corporate citizenship.
We are DXC.
Your career info : https://www.dxc.com/us/en/careers
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Lili Yankulova
Tel.:
+35924926207
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5253931
Dátum zverejnenia:
19.3.2026
2026-03-19
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Consultant
,
SAP Consultant
Spoločnosť:
DXC Technology
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 000 EUR/month