Data Engineer (ETL, Pandas/PySpark, Python, Palantir/Databricks)
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
2 400 - 3 500 EUR/month
The final salary offered will depend on the candidate's experience and knowledge. + Attractive benefit system of the company.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As Data Engineer be ready to bring new insights and broaden our experience-base in new technologies and the latest software and Data engineering trends. You will be working closely with our Product Teams to co-create, extend and maintain Data enabled services, from conceptual design to solution architecture to implementation and operation of Data Products platform.
We’re responsible for ingesting, transforming, enriching, and cleansing data to ensure it’s accurate, accessible, and actionable. Our work enables seamless operations for users and downstream systems and lays the foundation for cutting-edge analytics and AI solutions.
Responsibilities:
- Work with Data Products platform and with colleagues across Asset Management in the development of Data enabled products, aligned with our reference architecture and design principles
- Be a trusted partner in the assessment and definition of requirements. Translate into design artifacts
- Implement advanced use cases and build prototypes
- Create and maintain automated test cases to build & maintain regression test suites
- Establish and manage the solution documentation
- Plan solution deployment and rollout, including risk & impact analysis for implementation
- Ensure agreed agile collaboration principles are applied & improved across your squad
- Support team members in their growth, contributing to an environment that cares for continuous learning and improvement
Employee perks, benefits
​- kindergarten - available in our building
​- yearly salary re-evaluation
​- hybrid type of home-office
​- flexible working time
​- sick days
​- MultiSport card
​- mental & medical health support
​- public transport donation​
Information about the selection process
In case of interest, please send your CV to: rastislav.srnka@sourcefirstinternational.com .
We have many open positions for IT specialists, not only in Slovakia and Czech Republic, but also on other foreign projects.
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.12.2026
(there are still 286 more days)
Company on whose behalf the position is being filled
Information technology, computer programming, web portals
We are one of the world’s leading technology service providers.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT, Informačné technológie
Personality requirements and skills
You’re passionate about engineering and data practices, and you fully understand the value of ETL processes in delivering accurate, reliable, and accessible data. You have a solid technical foundation in data platforms such as Palantir Foundry and relational databases—ideally PostgreSQL.
You thrive in a strong engineering culture, enjoy working in multicultural teams, and actively support your teammates in reaching their full potential. You’re eager to share knowledge, contribute to team growth, and help elevate our agile maturity.
Essentials:
- Strong understanding of data modelling, ETL processes and data warehousing concepts
- Experience with Data frameworks (Pandas, PySpark)
- Strong programming skills in Python
- Experience with Palantir Foundry, Databricks or similar
- Proficiency in English (written and spoken)
- Live a continuous improvement mind-set
- Entrepreneurial, team player with a can-do attitude
- Good communication and presentation skills
Nice to Have Skills:
- Solid applied knowledge of Agile methods, frameworks, and tools
- Experience with MSBI
- Software architecture and understanding of tech stacks
- DevSecOps practices
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Recruitment Agency with European focus.
SourceFirst International s.r.o. portfolio of services:
Technology Recruitment across Europe
Recruitment Outsourcing
Sourcing and Recruitment of permanent, contract and interim talent
Strategy CVs Sourcing
Executive Search
Number of employees
25-49 employees
Contact
Contact person: Rastislav Srnka
Tel.:
+421904823347
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5254101
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.3.2026
2026-03-20
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Data Engineer
,
Data Scientist
,
Python Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
SourceFirst International s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 400 EUR/month