Who we are
Company
Open Roles
16
Benefits
Early Talent
Back
Fresh Graduate - Project Coordinator
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Start date & Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 300 EUR/month
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Who is CAT Digital? What do we do?
Big machines require big thinking. Are you looking for your next big challenge?
Cat® Digital is the digital and technology arm of Caterpillar Inc., leveraging the latest technologies to build industry leading digital solutions for our customers and dealers. With over one million connected assets worldwide, our teams use data, technology, advanced analytics, telematics, and AI capabilities to help our customers build a better world.
Working with a Fortune 100 leader, you can build your career on a global scale and take advantage of development opportunities with emerging technologies. We’ve created an inclusive environment for you to explore your passions, make an impact and do the work that really matters. Join Us.
Job Opportunity:
We are seeking talented individuals to join our team to help us establish and grow our presence, organization, culture, which will drive our digital product development efforts. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies and collaborate with top professionals working on very high impact and visibility products. Don't miss this chance to join and support digital innovation for a global leader in heavy machinery!
What will you do?
As a Junior Project Coordinator at Cat Digital's Slovakian branch, you will have the opportunity to oversee the planning, organization and implementation of Program Management. You will work with a project management team responsible for overseeing and coordinating multiple related projects within the Caterpillar portfolio. Your role involves strategic planning, risk management, resource allocation, managing projects in an agile way, and ensuring that the overall goals and benefits of the program are achieved within a predefined timeline. The main areas of focus include agile methodology, project management, communication, and the ability to think strategically. You will be also:
Managing the day-to-day activities of projects, including overseeing project responsibilities and schedules.
Developing contingency plans for potential risks.
Directing and motivating project teams.
Evaluating and managing deliverables to ensure that service expectations are achievable, developed, and met.
Monitoring project results for significant deviations. Ensuring adherence to quality standards and processes.
This position works directly with Slovakia based engineering leadership and Cat Digital IT in the US.
Employee perks, benefits
What we offer:
At Cat Digital, we are committed to fostering a culture of innovation and continuous learning, and we believe in investing in the development of our employees. As a member of our team, you will have access to a wide range of training and development opportunities, as well as very competitive compensation and benefits packages, like:
2 300+ euros / month gross
Performance related annual cash incentive
Industry leading Pension plan
5 days of extra vacation above the legislative requirement
Attractive Life insurance
1 volunteering day
Multisport Card
Take the chance to apply now for this position at Cat Digital Slovakia branch!
Information about the selection process
Please frequently check the email associated with your application, including the junk/spam folder, as this is the primary correspondence method. If you wish to know the status of your application – please use the candidate log-in on our career website as it will reflect any updates to your status. ​
Caterpillar is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws.​
Caterpillar is committed to creating a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion, respect and integrity, customer focus, and innovation. For more information, visit https://www.caterpillar.com/en/careers/why-caterpillar.html​
Follow us on Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
Recently graduated from University in Computer Science or related degree (graduated in 2024 or later).
Planning - Tactical, Strategic: Knowledge of effective planning techniques and ability to contribute to operational (short term), tactical (1-2 years) and strategic (3-5 years) planning in support of the overall business plan.
Project Administration: Knowledge of project administration best practices and ability to use organizational strategies, practices and tools for administering projects.
Decision Making and Critical Thinking: Knowledge of the decision-making process and associated tools and techniques; ability to accurately analyze situations and reach productive decisions based on informed judgment.
Data Gathering and Reporting: Knowledge of tools, techniques and processes for gathering and reporting data; ability to practice them in a particular department or division of a company.
Implementation: Knowledge of how to run applications for organizations; ability to implement application software within an organization and help end-users perform specific tasks (e.g. accounting or graphic design).
IT Project Control and Reporting: Knowledge of project control and reporting; ability to monitor the vital signs of an IT project while managing its progress and delivery schedule.
IT Project Management: Knowledge of project management; ability to plan, organize, monitor and control IT projects using appropriate technical resources.
IT Standards, Procedures & Policies: Knowledge of Information Technology (IT) standards and policies; ability to utilize a variety of administrative skill sets and technical knowledge to manage organizational IT policies, standards, and procedures.
Top Candidates will also have:
Demonstrated experience with some of the following: project management, software development, cloud
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Caterpillar
is a company of
builders
. Of
challenge breakers
. Of
innovators
who want to impact the world. Our people build and design the products and services that help
shape the communities
where we work and live.
We are building on our legacy and innovating for the next generation. One where
technology-enabled services
create improved outcomes for our people and the customers and communities we serve.
Our ability to innovate and build
begins with our people
. Our tech and digital teams are at the forefront of Caterpillar’s evolution – taking pride in
solving complex problems by building new systems
from the ground up.
On our team, you’ll
leverage data
from across our entire enterprise and
more than 1.5M connected assets
to solve problems and find solutions that open a new world of possibilities for our machines, our customers, our dealers and our business.
While the challenge is great, so is the opportunity. Working with a
Fortune 100 leader
, you can build your career
on a global scale
and take advantage of development opportunities with
emerging technologies
like telematics, data engineering, AI and machine learning, and predictive analytics.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Patricia Kundratova
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
If there is currently no open position suitable for you, please submit your e-mail address and preferences. If a new position (opened in the future) aligns with your qualifications and interests, you may be contacted about the opportunity.
Send CV
Poštová 18, 040 01 Košice
© 2025-2026 Caterpillar. All rights reserved.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5254458
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.3.2026
2026-03-20
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
,
Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Caterpillar Slovakia, s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 300 EUR/month