Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
DevOps Engineer for Edge Computing
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 650 - 2 550 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Our brand Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia entered the life of Košice region in 2006 under the name of T-Systems Slovakia and ever since has been inextricably linked with the region when became one of the founding members of Košice IT Valley. We have managed to grow from scratch to the second largest employer in the eastern part of the country with more than 3900 employees. Our goal is to proactively find new ways to improve and continuously transform into the type of company providing innovative information and communication technology services.
Join the team at Operational Services GmbH, within Deutsche Telekom Systems Solutions Slovakia, providing opportunities for IT infrastructure experts in Slovakia. OS is one of the leading ICT service providers in the German market and acts as a key driver of digitalization for medium-sized companies. With nearly 1,000 highly qualified specialists, OS designs, operates, and supports modern IT systems, ensures long-term service continuity, and maintains the availability of critical business processes.
What will you do?
Act as contact person for customers (operations, software development)
Participate in sprint planning and customer sprint reviews
Support in planning resources, capacities, operational requirements, security
Act as first point of contact for service requests that go beyond the operation of the platform
Specific platform configurations, network, application, security
Prepare changes (planning, validation, test, staging)
Support in application development / and maintenance
Support in case of errors / application debugging / performance / profiling problems when using the platform / in the application - end-2-end performance tests
Create  Performance KPIs
Support for the use and setup of automation, scaling, CI/CD workflows, Git
Apply  agile development methods (processes and tools) like Scrum and Kanban
Track  feature requests, bug reports, additional services from partners
Analyze  platform incidents
Support in using ITIL operating processes / platform support, general process optimization, ITIL support and Agile operating processes
You will succeed if you:
Have completed studies in mathematics, computer science or training in another technical discipline
Have 3 years’ experience with automation in  cloud environment
Have experience with Application Monitoring & Tools
Have experience with Container Infrastructure, Microservices
Have experience with Kubernetes, REST APIs, Helm, Rancher
Have experience with Kubernetes Cluster, Remote Worker Nodes and API-Server
Have experience with Data Analytics tools and services
Have  IoT Management tools, services, platform expertise
Have experience with agile software / product development methods such as Scrum or Kanban as well as in accompanying a product development team
Have experience with databases (Influx, Mongo, Postgres, MySQL …)
Have very good Linux skills
Have experience with Backups / Restorations in container infrastructure
Have good knowledge of network architecture, infrastructure, and Software Defined Networks
Have experience with IAM / Keycloak and operation
Have understanding of the network security standards in Linux environments and Kubernetes
Education
hold University degree
Experience
have 1-2  years’ experience in the area of responsibility
Languages
speak English B2 at minimum,
speak German  - advantage
Others
have presentation skills,
have project leadership skills
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
1 650 - 2 550 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Dana Dráčová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5254140
Dátum zverejnenia:
20.3.2026
2026-03-20
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
Systems Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 650 EUR/month