One bank.
Many career paths.
#makeITmatter
IT Operations Manager (all humans)
Location:
Bratislava, Bratislavský kraj, Slovakia
Working-Hours:
fulltime_permanent
Division:
IT Operations
Company:
Erste Digital
Apply now
Make a difference in the financial life of millions of people: At Erste Digital you are co-creating the digital future, in which better financial health is possible. #believeinyourself
We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle.
The department Production and Continuity Management (PCM) at Erste Digital serves as the primary escalation point for severe and major IT incidents. During standard operations, the team continuously monitors the ERSTE Group’s system landscape and proactively responds to alerts and performance indicators to ensure the highest levels of availability, reliability, and security across the entire IT environment.
In the event of a service degradation or operational interruption, they coordinate and lead the required incident-management meetings and provide timely, transparent communication on the incident status and remediation measures to stakeholders across the organization, including senior and top management.
What to do:
You continuously monitor Erste Digital´s environment, ensuring stable, reliable and uninterrupted operation of all systems and applications.
In the event of service disruptions and severe or major incidents, you take the lead in coordinating the rapid and structured restoration of services, acting as both the central point of contact and the escalation interface where needed.
You provide clear, targeted and timely communication ensuring that all stakeholders, technical teams and top management receive accurate status updates throughout the incident.
You organize and moderate the necessary incident-related meetings, bringing together temporary response teams and subject‑matter experts to drive efficient resolution and maintain alignment across all parties.
You document all relevant actions and decisions taken during the recovery process and hand over the final documentation for further internal analysis and continuous improvement activities.
You check these boxes:
Technical educational background or equivalent experience, ideally combined with several years in an organizational role within a dynamic IT environment.
Broad understanding of IT operations enables you to interpret technical input from experts accurately and make well‑reasoned decisions in complex situations.
Work in an analytical, proactive, and structured manner and communicate clearly and confidently with stakeholders at all levels. Strong communication and moderation skills allow you to guide discussions effectively—especially in high-pressure situations.
Ideally possess knowledge of Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) practices and a basic understanding of relevant regulatory frameworks such as DORA and their impact on operational processes.
Strong service-oriented mindset and strive to deliver high-quality outcomes that meet stakeholder expectations.
You either hold an ITIL certification or are motivated to obtain one.
You are willing to work in a shift-based operating model (depending on shift planning: on-site presence on weekdays between 08:00 to 23:00, on-call availability during weeknights, and occasional weekend duties throughout the year).
You have excellent German and English language skills.
Why you will like us:
Possibility to benefit and learn from our international, talented and passionate community at Erste
Interest groups and clubs: Take part in discussions and get involved in projects. Numerous interest groups invite you to engage with a topic
Health Care – Taking care of your health is important. That’s why we contribute to your above standard medical examination and provide a helpline in case of hard lifetime situations. You also receive a salary compensation during sick leave
Work-Life-Balance – Sabbatical, paternity leave, contribution to marriage & childbirth, 4 days of extra holiday per year, contribution to the 3rd pillar and MultiSport card. This is how we promote a balance between work, leisure, and family
Employee Referral Program – Become a talent scout for career opportunities in IT. We are rewarding every successful referral for Erste Digital
A competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - we are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 2500 gross per month for this full time position. But this is just a formality, we are more than happy to discuss your actual expectations.
The way we are:
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual orientation or origin.
Apply now
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5254239
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.3.2026
2026-03-23
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Manager
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Operations Manager
Spoločnosť:
Erste Digital GmbH
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 500 EUR/month