Nové Mesto nad Váhom
Kechnec Powertrain
Kechnec Electronics
Bratislava
IoT Developer / Industry 4.0 Engineer (Automotive production company)
Place of work
Kechnec
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 1 700 EUR/month
From 1700 EUR/month

Salary from 1700 EUR gross / month
(base salary depends on seniority, experience and qualification of the candidate)
+ guaranteed 13th salary + annual bonus + travel allowance
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Work and support/indirect lead of Industry 4.0 projects
Manage code deployments, fixes, updates, and related processes within your responsibility
Brainstorm for new ideas and ways to improve development and delivery
Develop KPIs, metrics, and other monitoring tools to track I4.0 production environments
Provide detailed specifications for proposed solutions, including materials, external services, and internal resources required
Work with source control tools (Azure, GitHub)
Actively troubleshoot any issues that arise during testing and production
Perform additional duties as assigned
Employee perks, benefits
Guaranteed 13th month salary.
Annual bonus based on results (% of annual salary).
Travel allowance.
Discounted meals.
Flexible working hours.
Loyalty bonus after every 5 years of service.
Additional vacation after 3, 5, 10 and 15 years of service.
Annual benefits package.
Individual career program and training abroad for employees.
Opportunity to participate in building the company, implementing new processes, projects and products of the company.
Information about the selection process
Thank you for your interest in the position. We reserve the right to contact only those candidates who meet our requirements.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Technical / Engineering / Information Technology
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Number of years of experience
1
The position is suitable for a fresh graduate
Yes
Personality requirements and skills
University education in the IT / Technical / Engineering
Experience with databases and different types of data storage
Understanding of multiple computer programming languages (e.g., JavaScript, C# .net, Python, C++, Java…)
Understanding of IoT, security, communication protocols with sensors (MQTT, Lora, Zigbee)
Optional:
Message broker knowledge
Knowledge of microservice architecture
Microcontrollers programming (micropython)
Cloud solutions
Microsoft Power tools (Power BI, Power App, Power Automate,...)
Experience with MES
Industrial automatization knowledge
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Magna is more than one of the world’s largest suppliers in the automotive space. We are a mobility technology company with a global, entrepreneurial-minded team of 164,000 employees and an organizational structure designed to innovate like a startup.
With 65 years of expertise, and a systems approach to design, engineering and manufacturing that touches nearly every aspect of the vehicle, we are positioned to support advancing mobility in a transforming industry. Our global network includes 337 manufacturing operations and 106 product development, engineering and sales centres spanning 28 countries.
Viac informácií o spoločnosti
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: Dominika Spišáková
E-mail:
send CV
Poslať životopis
ID:
5255953
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.3.2026
2026-03-23
lokalita:
Kechnec
Pozícia:
IT Consultant
,
Programmer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Magna
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 700 EUR/month