System Developer
NeCaSo s. r. o.
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Start date
immediately
Wage (gross)
5 000 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you looking for new technological challenges, interesting projects, inspirational colleagues and an informal working environment?
We would like to strengthen our team and we are looking for new colleague who will look after the front-end application related responsibilities, will be responsible for communication with customers on regular basis, will produce the assigned deliverables in high quality and in accordance with the project timeline, will write a program code for a software product for a ready-made design solution, will eliminate technical problems that arose during testing of the software product, will write automatized tests of deliverables.
Employee perks, benefits
• home-office possibility
• flexible working hours
• conferences or other forms of education
• fruit, coffee, tea to keep your mind and body fresh
• team-buildings
• in case of sick leave we guarantee 100% of the salary for up to 4 weeks
• informal and relaxed working environment
Information about the selection process
We’ll be happy to meet you in person. Please send your CV to b.kubinova@necaso.com.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
and
Russian - Advanced (C1)
and
Ukrainian - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Word - Skillful
Windows - Skillful
Experience in the position/sector
at least 5+ years of experience working with ES6 / PIXI.js / HTML / CSS
Personality requirements and skills
- proficient at JavaScript and constantly learning about new JavaScript libraries
- great experience working with graphics engines such as PIXI.JS
- ability to create or optimize high-performance projects
- experience in JavaScript ES6+
- experience in game development
- knowledge of Git
- understanding the Model-View-Controller (MVC) Architecture
- creating browser-based HTML5 slot games for desktop and mobile devices
- performance optimization for various devices
- ability to work with gulp
- experience with Spine animations
- ability to provide the most efficient technical solutions from an architectural point of view
- good communication and collaboration skills
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
NeCaSo s.r.o. is a premium developer of software solutions for top land-based and online providers in the gaming industry.
Knowledge is our biggest asset.
Our company consists of highly experienced professionals developing software of the highest quality. Striving for continuous innovation, education and technical improvement is our natural desire.
Our mission is to deliver outstanding and on time quality results for our customers to improve their competitive edge, shape their ideas and bring them to life.
We are proud of designing and developing our games in-house. Our aim is to bring new quality into the existing market. We deliver a unique gaming experience with every new product. People want to play our games non stop!
We value quality, education, openness and enjoy dynamic and inspiring collaboration with our partners.
Contact
Contact person: Barbara Kubinová Bokesová
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5255863
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.3.2026
2026-03-23
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Programmer
Spoločnosť:
NeCaSo s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
5 000 EUR/month