Flow Simulation Engineer (Witness)
Segula Slovensko s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
01/05/2026
Wage (gross)
1 700 EUR/month
According experience
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a Flow Simulation Engineer to join our team providing engineering for our automotive customer
Modeling and Discrete Event Simulation via WITNESS Horizon.
Bottleneck identification and OEE optimization on existing lines.
"What-if" scenario validation for new production layouts.
Interface with Lean teams to reduce lead times and scrap.
Data reporting and technical presentations for plant management.
Activity is mostly remote with occasional trips in our customer facilities
Employee perks, benefits
At
SEGULA Technologies
, diversity, equity, and inclusion are at the core of our HR policy. Our job opportunities are open to everyone, regardless of gender, social and cultural background, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, or disability.
What We Offer:
A competitive salary and benefits package
Professional development and career growth opportunities
Dynamic and multicultural work environment with global industry leaders
Join
SEGULA Technologies s
and be part of our journey to shape the future of engineering! If you meet the requirements and are ready for a new challenge, don’t hesitate to apply!
Information about the selection process
CV in english
Expected date of completion of the selection process
31.5.2026
(there are still 68 more days)
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
Manufacturing, Industrial, Mechanical, Logistics
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Other knowledge
Witness Horizon - Advanced
Witness - Advanced
Experience in the position/sector
3
Number of years of experience
3
Personality requirements and skills
- Maintain a good communication within the project team as well as with
the plants and projects staff members all along the project
- Be a driving force in the continuous improvement process
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
SEGULA Technologies Slovakia s.r.o.  is a part of the international engineering group SEGULA Technologies, which helps boost competitiveness within all major industrial sectors - automotive, aerospace & defense, energy, rail, naval, pharmaceutical, and Oil and Gas.
Expand your playground with a fast-growing global engineering group. At SEGULA Technologies, you will have the opportunity to work on exciting projects and shape the future within a company for which innovation is inseparable from engineering. New forms of mobility, autonomous vehicles, the factory of the future, augmented reality... these are the daily concerns of our 13,000 ingenious talents in over 30 countries.
Whether you are a student, a recent graduate or experienced, an engineer or a project manager, at SEGULA you will find the opportunity that will give new meaning to your career. Make your move, Join us!
Number of employees
150-199 employees
Contact
Contact person: Guillaume NICOLAS
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5255763
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.3.2026
2026-03-23
lokalita:
Remote work
Pozícia:
Process Engineer
,
Simulations engineer
,
Software Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Segula Slovensko s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 700 EUR/month