Senior Service Project Manager
Huawei Technologies (Czech) s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 200 EUR/month
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About Huawei
Huawei is a leading global provider of information and communications technology (ICT) infrastructure and smart devices. With integrated solutions across four key domains – telecom networks, IT, smart devices, and cloud services – we are committed to bringing digital to every person, home and organization for a fully connected, intelligent world.
At Huawei, innovation focuses on customer needs. We invest heavily in basic research, concentrating on technological breakthroughs that drive the world forward. We have more than 207,000 employees, and we operate in more than 170 countries and regions.
Huawei's end-to-end portfolio of products, solutions and services are both competitive and secure. Through open collaboration with ecosystem partners, we create lasting value for our customers, working to empower people, enrich home life, and inspire innovation in organizations of all shapes and sizes.
Senior Service Project Manager
Bratislava, Slovakia
We are looking for an experienced customer-focused professional to join Huawei Technologies Slovakia as a Senior Service Project Manager. In this role, you will be responsible for service delivery and service relationship management for enterprise customers in Slovakia. You will work closely with customers, partners, sales teams, and internal technical experts to ensure high-quality delivery, customer satisfaction, and long-term service growth.
What You’ll Be Doing:
Take responsibility for service fulfillment for assigned enterprise accounts, build and maintain strong relationships with customer technical teams, and coordinate with service engineers to ensure high-quality service delivery.
Develop annual customer service strategies and define service cooperation plans with partners.
Identify customer service requirements and take responsibility for service sales opportunities.
Plan, organize, and coordinate technical capability enablement for partners in Slovakia.
Organize regular meetings, workshops, and events with customers to present service value and strengthen cooperation.
Organize regular meetings, workshops, and events with partners to align delivery plans, training requirements, and complaint handling.
Act as a key bridge between customers, sales teams, and internal technical teams to ensure successful solution delivery.
Work closely with the sales team to support solution selling, customer engagement, and deal closure.
Take responsibility for customer and partner satisfaction, ensuring long-term and effective cooperation.
What We’re Looking For:
· Bachelor’s degree or above (Computer Science, IT or Network Technologies / Engineering, Electrical Engineering Or related technical fields)
· 5+ years work experience on technical service domain, include but not limited to project management, technical solution implementation, network or storage maintenance and operation, service sales etc.
· Basic knowledge of networking such as router& switch, OLT/ ONT, or basic knowledge of storage of Huawei, Netapp, IBM, HP, Hitachi etc.
· Strong team player with good communication skills.
· Be able to communicate with customer team leader and CXO level.
· Customer-oriented mindset and willingness to work in a post-sales / presales role
· Proficiency in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
· Fluent in Slovak & English (spoken and written)
What We Offer:
Competitive salary package based on your skills, experience, and qualifications, starting from EUR 3500 gross per month
Training and mentoring from experienced solution managers
Exposure to cutting-edge telecom technologies and real customer projects
Opportunities to grow into senior technical or business roles
The chance to be part of a global company shaping the future of connectivity
Meal allowance, cafeteria benefits, and annual bonus
Unlimited access to internal learning platforms and development resources
Hands-on involvement in real projects and practical tasks from the beginning
Interested?
Please submit your application documents in
English
. Applications without a
CV
will not be considered.
Privacy Statement:
We are committed to protecting your privacy by following the local legal data privacy legislation. If you decide to continue your contact with Huawei, you are giving us your consent to process your data. Please note that your data will be treated confidentially and securely.
https://career.huawei.com/socRecruitment/euportal/portal/privacy-notice.html
With your application, you agree with our Recruitment Privacy Statement.
Employee perks, benefits
Cell phone
Foreign business trips
Meal tickets / catering allowance
Bonuses
Holidays 5 weeks
Notebook
Cafeteria
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
Advertiser
Contact
Contact person: Volodymyr Bilavka
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5255893
Dátum zverejnenia:
23.3.2026
2026-03-23
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
IT Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Huawei Technologies (Czech) s.r.o.
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 200 EUR/month