Data engineer - Medior
Solargis s. r. o.
Place of work
Bottova 2a, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
As soon as possible
Wage (gross)
From 2 900 EUR/month
The final salary will be determined individually based on the candidate’s experience and qualifications.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
As a Data Engineer, you will be responsible for the full lifecycle of data solutions at Solargis, from ingestion to final analysis. Your core responsibilities will include:
Create and maintain data analysis pipelines using Databricks on AWS and other tools to support BI statistics and reporting.
Design and build robust, scalable, and highly performant data pipelines to handle high-volume, time-series meteorological, solar energy data and data related to processes and transactions.
Orchestrate and monitor complex data workflows to ensure data quality and timely delivery.
Develop and maintain BI dashboards and data visualization reports for internal and external stakeholders.
Actively participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and maintain high standards for all implemented solutions.
Own end-to-end data pipeline development, including data ingestion, transformation, and storage.
Document technical solutions, data models, and architectural designs clearly and concisely.
Cooperate closely with other team members in the spirit of consistent and agile development.
Employee perks, benefits
Full-time job with competitive salary and performance-based bonuses
Technical growth encouraged via opportunity to participate at conferences, workshops, courses
Personal growth opportunities through challenging tasks and responsibilities
Budget for personal professional development
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Educational Specialization
IT or a related technical field
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Experience in the position/sector
Data Engineering
Number of years of experience
2
Personality requirements and skills
REQUIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
University degree in IT or a related technical field.
2–5 years of professional experience in a Data Engineering role.
Strong SQL skills, and programming proficiency (e.g., Python).
Proven experience with big data processing technologies such as Spark and Databricks.
Proficiency in data transformation using tools like dbt (data build tool).
Experience with data orchestration tools, including Dagster or Apache Airflow.
Familiarity with leading BI tools, eg. Amazon QuickSight, PowerBI, or Tableau.
Experience with data modeling, ETL processes, data warehousing concepts, and Delta Lake / lakehouse architecture
Proficiency with Git and version control workflows.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with an ability to translate business needs into technical solutions.
Ability to work independently, manage multiple priorities, and contribute effectively within a collaborative team environment.
Excellent communication and collaboration skills.
Professional working proficiency in English.
PREFERRED SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE
Familiarity with photovoltaic power plants and energy systems.
Working knowledge of AWS cloud.
Experience with Infrastructure as Code (Terraform).
Experience with streaming data (Spark Structured Streaming, Kafka, Kinesis).
Knowledge of open table formats (Apache Iceberg).
Adherence to clean code practices and software development best practices.
Experience working within an Agile development methodology.
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Solargis is a technology and consultancy company servicing companies involved in the development and operation of solar power plants. We provide meteorological data, energy evaluation software and technical consultancy primarily related to evaluation and management of solar power production.
Thanks to 23 years of focused research and technology developed in-house, we have become a leader in the field. Today, we work for 1200 medium and large organizations from 90 countries, helping them make qualified financial decisions, improve technical design, and optimize operations. Our data products and services have become an essential part of the project development of solar power plants. We also provide services for performance evaluation, monitoring, and forecasting of solar power.
We are a group of geoscientists, meteorologists, engineers, programmers, data scientists, analysts and business developers focused on building and promoting a solar energy assessment platform that helps the solar power industry minimize weather-related risk and improve performance efficiency.
In our team, every member brings unique skills and expertise. We look for talented, resourceful, innovative, passionate, and friendly individuals to join our team. We offer a career that is challenging, but enjoyable, and rewarding.
Number of employees
100-149 employees
Contact
Contact person: Kristina Markova
Tel.:
+421903585038
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5255684
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.3.2026
2026-03-24
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Data Engineer
Spoločnosť:
Solargis s. r. o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 900 EUR/month