About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Analytics and AI Engineer
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 800 - 4 600 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between EUR 2,800 and EUR 4,600 per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers:
•	the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, 
•	the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience.
In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits.
Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Are you passionate about building AI-powered solutions that drive business value? Do you thrive at the intersection of product ownership and technical engineering? Join us to shape the future of AI applications that transform how businesses operate and make decisions!
Join a dynamic and innovative Data Analytics & GenAI Property & Casualty Reinsurance team. Our mission is to harness the power of Data Analytics and Generative AI to create a competitive advantage for our business. By generating actionable insights, we aim to enhance data-driven decision-making and improve business outcomes.
About the Role
As an AI Solution Engineer, you'll contribute the development of AI solutions from concept to production. You'll blend technical expertise with product management skills to deliver user-centric AI applications that solve real business problems. This role offers a unique opportunity to drive innovation while ensuring technical excellence.
For example, you will:
Key responsibilities
•	Own and drive AI product development from initial concept through to production deployment and continuous improvement
•	Collaborate with cross-functional teams and stakeholders to translate business requirements into technical specifications and actionable plans
•	Design and develop user-centric AI applications using Python/PySpark, emphasizing exceptional user experience and compelling data storytelling
•	Drive and shape data & AI products from business value concepts to production.
•	Stay up to date with the latest GenAI technologies and best practices to drive sustainable and efficient data products.
Employee perks, benefits
You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
To be successful in the role, you have:
•	2+ years of experience building and deploying AI/ML solutions in production environments
•	Strong proficiency in Python and experience with data processing frameworks like PySpark
•	Experience in product ownership or product management for technical products
•	Demonstrated ability to build data-driven applications with a user-focused mindset and storytelling with data
•	Independent self-learner that can navigate ambiguity
•	Good fluent communication in English
If you also have the following experience and interests, it is a huge plus:
•	Knowledge of Azure, Microsoft Power BI and Typescript
•	Project management abilities within agile frameworks
•	Experience with Machine Learning and familiarity with Large Language Models (LLMs)
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Livia Pasztorova
Apply here
ID:
5256276
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.3.2026
2026-03-24
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 800 EUR/month