Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Non technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Product Manager T-Sec
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 820 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
As a Product Manager, you take full strategic and commercial ownership of an IT or Security Services portfolio (e.g., Identity Security, Cloud Security, Infrastructure/Network Security, Managed Services).
You act as the “Mini-CEO” of your portfolio and are responsible for market positioning, growth, profitability, and long-term strategic development. You work closely with Solution Management, Sales, Delivery, Controlling, and external technology partners.
You drive growth — while Solution Management ensures operational excellence.
What will you do?
1. Portfolio & Product Strategy (Product)
Define and execute the portfolio strategy
Identify target segments and define the value proposition
Develop and prioritize the portfolio roadmap
Identify innovation and market growth opportunities
Manage the full product lifecycle (inception to end-of-life)
Drive make-or-buy decisions
2. Commercial Ownership (Price)
Full P&L responsibility for the portfolio
Develop and manage business cases
Design pricing models (subscription, consumption, tiering)
Conduct competitive benchmarking
Negotiate commercial terms with technology partners
Drive margin optimization and discount strategies
3. Go-to-Market & Sales Enablement (Place & Promotion)
Develop and execute go-to-market strategies
Define channel strategy (direct, partner, marketplace)
Create sales enablement materials (value propositions, battlecards)
Conduct sales trainings
Support strategic customer initiatives
4. Governance & Steering (People)
Lead portfolio boards and investment decisions
Drive strategic prioritization
Collaborate closely with Solution Management and Delivery
Define required skills and partner certification levels
Conduct Quarterly Business Reviews
You will succeed if you:
Have university degree in Business, IT, Engineering or comparable
Have 5-10+ years of experience in portfolio, product or business management
Have experience in IT Services, Managed Services, or Cyber Security
Have strong knowledge of pricing strategies and financial modeling
Have experience with managing technology vendors (e.g., Microsoft, AWS, Security vendors)
Are familiar with frameworks such as ITIL, SAFe, or Pragmatic Framework is a plus
Are able to work autonomously
Speak English - Advanced (C1)
Soft skills
Strong Communication skills
Analytical thinking
Presentation skills
Organisational skills
Flexibility
Stress resistance
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 820 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lívia Tomečková
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5256277
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.3.2026
2026-03-24
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
IT Product Manager
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 820 EUR/month