Senior Project & Account Manager
Accace Management s.r.o.
Place of work
Pribinova 40, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP/by agreement
Wage (gross)
2 600 EUR/month
The final amount will depend on skills and previous experience of the candidate.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
At Accace, we do what we love – and we love what we do. That’s why we’ve grown into one of the fastest-developing consultancy and outsourcing companies in the region, trusted by clients across multiple industries and countries.
Are you a business-oriented professional ready to showcase your skills on an international level? Do you have experience with client or project management, and the ability to handle complex technical and operational projects, including payroll and accounting processes? We might have a spot just for you.
At Accace, one of the fastest-growing consultancy and outsourcing companies in our region, we are currently looking for a Senior Account & Project Manager.
The perfect candidate is proactive, strategic, and organized, with excellent communication and presentation skills, a strong pro-client approach, and the ability to make confident decisions. Previous experience in managing IT or complex international projects is a great advantage.
This role offers the opportunity to lead meaningful international projects, work with a highly skilled team, and contribute directly to client success and business growth.
Have we caught your attention? Read on!
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES:
Own and lead end-to-end delivery of complex client projects, including planning, execution, and successful implementation of solutions with technology and integration elements, with full accountability for scope, timelines, budget, and client satisfaction.
Manage global and cross-country projects/programs and drive alignment across multiple stakeholders, cross-functional teams (including IT and local consultants), ensuring clear ownership, prioritization, and delivery excellence.
Act as a strategic partner and primary point of contact for key clients, building long-term relationships, leading onboarding of new clients, and ensuring high retention through regular service review meetings, presenting results and acting as an escalation point for critical or complex issues.
Analyze client needs and business requirements, challenge assumptions, and design effective, scalable solutions, while driving change management and guiding clients through complex transitions and transformation initiatives.
Ensure high service quality in BAU (Business as Usual) operations, while identifying and driving opportunities for service expansion, upselling, continuous improvement, and contributing to overall business growth and commercial initiatives.
Proactively monitor project and account financials, including billing accuracy and revenue inputs, identify risks, and take corrective actions to meet financial targets and resolve client-related queries.
Contribute to building a high-performing team environment by mentoring and supporting junior team members and sharing best practices.
Benefits
General benefits and rewards
Multisport card
Language courses
Day off beyond the scope of the Labor Code for special life moments
Reward for years of service
Reward for referring a new client
Reward for referring a candidate
Meal allowance
Childbirth allowance
Fruit at the workplace
Massages at the workplace
CSR Activities
Benefit of your choice
ETF funds
Cafeteria
Well-being contribution
Bonus vacation beyond the scope of the Labor Code
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
Accounting / Business / Economics / Finance / International Relations / Marketing
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Other knowledge
Microsoft Office 365 - Expert
Experience in the position/sector
Project / Account Management
Number of years of experience
5
Personality requirements and skills
Proactive, results-driven professional with a strong sense of ownership over projects and client relationships.
Strategic thinker with the ability to manage complex, cross-border projects and make independent decisions.
Strong organizational, analytical, and project management skills, with excellent attention to detail.
Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to effectively interact with senior stakeholders, clients, and internal teams in an international environment.
Client-oriented mindset with strong negotiation skills and the ability to identify opportunities for service improvement, business growth, and client success.
Confident self-starter, able to set goals, drive initiatives from scratch, and maintain high performance under pressure while managing multiple priorities.
Fluency in English is required; knowledge of additional foreign languages is a plus.
Previous experience in a senior role within outsourcing, consulting, or client/project management is highly valued.
Strong interest in business operations, client success, and leading teams or mentoring junior colleagues.
Company description
Brief description of the company
Accace is a proactive consultancy and outsourcing partner who bridges the gap between needs and solutions. Combining smart and streamlined technology with a holistic approach, we provide an all-round care to clients and consider their matters as ours. With over 800 experts and more than 2 000 customers, we have vast experience with facilitating the smooth operation and growth of small to large-scale, global businesses.
Accace operates internationally as Accace Circle, a co-created business community of like-minded BPO providers and advisors who deliver outstanding services with elevated customer experience and erase the borders of service delivery. Covering over 60 jurisdictions with nearly 7,000 professionals, we support more than 80,000 customers, mostly mid-size and international Fortune 500 companies from various sectors, and process at least 800,000 pay slips globally.
Apply for a job
Show all offers
WE DO
what we love and
WE LOVE
what we do.
We are Accace and this is how
WE ACE
www.accace.com
ID:
5256133
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.3.2026
2026-03-24
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Account Manager
,
Business Intelligence Specialist
,
Key Account Manager
,
Project Manager
Spoločnosť:
Accace Management s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 600 EUR/month