About Us
Benefits
Open positions
Data Management Steward
Place of work
Plynárenská, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 443 EUR/month
*By legal requirement we are providing the information about the basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised position. Based on your experience/profile, the final financial conditions will be the subject to discuss and negotiate at the personal interview, however, not less than above mentioned minimum salary component.
*By legal requirement we are providing the information about the basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised position. Based on your experience/profile, the final financial conditions will be the subject to discuss and negotiate at the personal interview, however, not less than above mentioned minimum salary component.
About the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
Within the Wholesale Banking Financial Crime Prevention (WB FCP ) Change Team we are looking for a colleague in the role of “Data Steward” to play an important role in making sure ING can live up to regulatory requirements. As a Data Steward you are responsible for supporting of change implementation within data element perspective in end – to – end WB KYC processes. Your role is to fully support the Central Product owner for DATA in the WB FCP Change domain.
Your role and work environment
The role drives effective data management by ensuring high data quality, robust governance, and compliance with control standards. It focuses on identifying and remediating data issues, establishing clear data ownership across functions, and fostering collaboration between global and local teams.
Your key responsibilities
Data Quality Management: Measure, monitor, and remediate data quality issues; perform root cause analysis and implement solutions.
Issue Management: Report and escalate data issues, propose structural solutions in line with data management framework and oversee end-to-end remediation.
Governance & Compliance: Ensure adherence to data management  framework and control standards and where applicable, BCBS requirements.
Align with CDMO/CDO and global/local KYC/FCP (New to bank, Existing to bank and Onboarding teams), communicate release status, and foster collaboration across functions.
Setup data ownership across various functions and sub-organizations within ING through strong relationship building, communication, awareness creation and creating a buy-in.
Operational Activities: Participate in committees (e.g., Operational Data Committee), setup and implement data (quality) standards and exchange processes.
Onboarding & Training: Confirm role in SDT, complete mandatory e-learnings, and promote best practices.
We Are Looking For
In addition to the qualities described in ING’s Orange Code, you are an inspiring and approachable candidate who thrives in a cross-border, collaborative environment, displaying the following behaviors:
Focus on the implementation of data management through collaboration – stakeholder management savvy, ability to bring people together to work towards the same purpose – aligning on data ownership, governance and control standards.
High level of resilience; ability to navigate through ambiguity and simplify complexity without losing essence.
Ability to think structurally, distil and achieve tangible goals on data management based on the knowledge and experience of data management concepts.
Energized by achieving tangible outcomes and driving progress in a fast-paced, dynamic and continuously evolving environment.
Proven track record and skills required
You have a college degree in e.g. Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics.
Thorough knowledge of data management and it’s concepts and proven experience in implementing data management frameworks and control standards for a large organization.
Excellent stakeholder management and communication skills.
Strong analytical skills.
You know how to manage various stakeholders and are organization-sensitive.
You are curious, have a clear vision of your field and the ambition to continue to develop yourself professionally as well as personally.
Profound knowledge of Excel and PowerPoint.
Fluent in English.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Language skills
English - Advanced (C1)
Personality requirements and skills
We offer you a bunch of great benefits
Friendly working environment
You build your own working day - flexible working hours and work from home
Daily working time: 7hrs 45min instead of standard 8hrs
Daily refreshments - coffee, fruits, drinks
Fully equipped gym accessible 24 hours / 7 days per week
Game room with unlimited access
Modern designed coffee corner and terrace with the grill spot
WellbeING
Sick leave compensation: up to 80% of the monthly salary
Life insurance contribution: up to 22,14 EUR/per month
3rd pillar contribution: up to 3% from your monthly salary
24/7 external mental health support
Learning opportunities: internal and external learning programs
Regular teambuildings, social events and communities
YOU/family/friends time
Extra 3 PERSONAL days per year
Extra vacation days: up to 10 extra days/per year
We welcome your
ING
-positive friends: referrals starting from 1000 EUR
150€ for childbirth/adoption bonus, wedding day and registered partnership contributions, work anniversary award
Our premises are open 24/7 and you can even bring your friends or family along (up to 2 friends to the gym and game room)
Extra perks
Yearly bonus based on your performance and company’s results
Cafeteria points: 50€/month (600€/year) - Multisport card, Alza, Zalando, Cinema City, etc.
Green benefit – reimbursement for eco-friendly products or services up to 300 €
Home office contribution: 20 EUR/per month
Discounts from our and your favorite stores: up to 30%
Warm welcome package for your fresh start
Pet friendly office
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
ING is a global financial institution of Dutch origin offering banking and asset management to over 60 million private, corporate and institutional clients over 50 countries. With a diverse workforce of over 50,000 people, ING comprises a broad spectrum of prominent companies that increasingly serve their clients under the ING brand.
Number of employees
1000 and more employees
Contact
Contact person: ING Hubs Slovakia, HR team
E-mail:
send CV
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5256861
Dátum zverejnenia:
25.3.2026
2026-03-25
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Back Office Specialist
,
Compliance Specialist
,
Data Analyst
,
Internal Auditor
Spoločnosť:
ING Hubs Slovakia
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
3 443 EUR/month