Factory Service Desk Support
NATEK SLOVAKIA, s.r.o.
Place of work
Košice
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
01.06.2026
Wage (gross)
From 1 200 EUR/month
Final salary offer depends on the outcome of technical interview and proven years of experience.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
We are looking for a
Factory Service Desk Support
to join the IT support team at a new manufacturing facility in
Kosice
. This is a unique opportunity to be part of a brand-new factory that is gradually starting operations and will eventually move to full-scale car production.
By the end of this year, parts of the factory will begin production, creating the need to establish a professional
service desk process
. The new team member will play a key role in handling incidents – not just taking calls, but actively using their skills and knowledge to resolve issues as quickly as possible.
This position offers the chance to be part of a large-scale project from the very beginning, grow alongside the production team, and contribute to building shared IT knowledge that will be used across the entire facility.
What will you do:
​Provide L1 and L2 support for hardware and software issues within the factory environment.
Monitor and resolve network, infrastructure, and application-related alerts.
Manage and resolve incidents, ensuring minimal disruption to production, and escalate when necessary.
Collaborate with other IT teams to address more complex technical challenges.
Maintain and improve incident management processes, ensuring quick resolution times.
Support periodic system checks and updates to ensure ongoing system health and performance.
​Technical Skills
Operating Systems: Knowledge of Windows 7/10, and basic understanding of Linux/Windows Server OS.
Databases: Familiarity with Oracle databases.
Active Directory: Experience with account management and basic Group Policy configuration.
Network: Basic understanding of LAN and wireless setups.
Hardware: Basic knowledge of desktop, laptop, printer, and handheld device hardware.
Tools: Experience with ServiceNow (incident management) and Zabbix (monitoring tool) is an advantage.
Soft Skills
Strong communication skills in Slovak, English - B1 or B2 level.
Problem-solving ability and proactive attitude.
Capable of working independently and as part of a team.
Ability to handle multiple tasks and work under pressure.
Flexibility with shift work and on-call responsibilities.​
Employee perks, benefits
​Internal Mobility Program – enjoy many opportunities for career growth, job rotations, diversity of projects & technologies
Referral Program – enjoy cooperation with your colleagues and get a bonus!
5/10 Years NATEK Club – we offer long-term cooperation and celebrate each fifth-year cooperation anniversary with gifts
NATEK CSR Events & team buildings – enjoy our values: accountability, partnership and expertise and #workITwithus
Education – benefit from our know-how, learning courses and certificates and IT events – be part of the community of leaders of the industry and take part as a speaker or a visitor
Multisport
Technical and Personal trainings
Language courses
Additionally only for Contract Of Work:
Cafeteria
Live insurance
Bonuses for Personal Events
Day off for volunteering
​
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Educational Specialization
IT
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
and
Slovak - Proficiency (C2)
Other knowledge
Windows 10 - Skillful
Linux OS - Basic
Oracle - Skillful
Active Directory (Windows) - Skillful
LAN/WAN administration - Basic
ServiceNow - Skillful
Zabbix - Basic
Windows 7 - Skillful
Windows OS - Basic
Hardware - Skillful
Number of years of experience
2
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
Join one of the most sought-after companies that specialize in IT outsourcing business.
Building on our shared company values – accountability, expertise and partnership - NATEK's mission is to deliver high quality IT outsourcing and consulting services in the CEE region. Since 2004, our employees have been participating projects for our partners from all over the world   in the most important sectors, including finance and insurance, telecommunications, and IT infrastructure. NATEK has offices in Poland, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic and Slovakia, and thanks to a team of over 700 experts, including project managers, programmers and administrators, we are able to effectively support our partners.
Number of employees
500-999 employees
Contact
Contact person: Laura Horvathova
E-mail:
send CV
All company jobs
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5256922
Dátum zverejnenia:
25.3.2026
2026-03-25
lokalita:
Košice
Pozícia:
IT/Technical Support Specialist
,
Service Technician
Spoločnosť:
NATEK SLOVAKIA, s.r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 200 EUR/month