About us
Our benefits
Open positions
Data Science Solutions Engineer
Place of work
Twin City B, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 400 - 4 100 EUR/month
For Slovakia the base salary range for this position is between EUR 2,400 and EUR 4,100 per month (for a full-time role). The specific salary offered considers:
•	the requirements, scope, complexity and responsibilities of the role, 
•	the applicant’s own profile including education/qualifications, expertise, specialisation, skills and experience.
In addition to your base salary, Swiss Re offers an attractive performance-based variable compensation component, designed to recognise your achievements. Further you will enjoy a variety of global and location specific benefits.
Eligibility may vary depending on the terms of Swiss Re policies and your employment contract.
Information about the position
Job description, responsibilities and duties
About the role & team
Asset Management's Tech Transformation is our strategic program to modernise the tech platform and empower our business users with better tools and data, delivering on our digital vision. We selectively combine transactional and analytics data platforms to provide innovative, secure and cost aware technology services.
If you join us, you will be able to participate in a variety of interesting initiatives. For example, you will:
•	Help us analyze signals in financial markets using Generative AI,
•	Co-create advanced data and AI services in cross functional teams,
•	Constantly grow our data foundation platform and apply leading edge concepts, such as metadata or graphs,
•	Support many other exciting projects in a collaborative environment with colleagues from Swiss Re Asset Management's international offices.
Joining us, you will learn the technologies that are used in modern data science products with a focus on cloud technology and distributed systems, but also gain experience in the application of generative AI to solve complex problems on real data.
As part of Swiss Re's Asset Management CTO organization, we work in a scaled agile model with a shared leadership team and broadly aligned autonomy for our squads. We are located across the globe but share the same values of passion, openness, respect, humility, and curiosity in our team. We are a highly skilled and diverse global team. We love to learn new skills and will support you to do the same! We strive to improve the quality of our work for our customers every day. As a matter of trust, we give you a high degree of flexibility which matches your independent working style. Is this for you? Then we want to get to know you!
Employee perks, benefits
You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card
Information about the selection process
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder.
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)
Language skills
English - Upper intermediate (B2)
Personality requirements and skills
To be successful in the role, you need to have these technical skills and knowledge:
•	Degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Physics or related quantitative field. We welcome different levels, including graduates
•	Knowledge of Python and/or R programming languages
•	Knowledge in machine learning, statistical modelling and related technologies
If you also have the following experience and interests, it is a huge plus:
•	Background in software engineering
•	Experience in distributed computing
•	Interest in Generative AI and Natural Language Processing
Advertiser
Brief description of the company
As the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders.
Number of employees
2500 employees
Company address
Learn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia.
Contact
Contact person: Juraj Naderer
Apply here
ID:
5256588
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.3.2026
2026-03-24
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Programmer
,
Python Programmer
Spoločnosť:
Swiss Re
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
2 400 EUR/month