O nás
Voľné pozície
Benefity
EN
SK
Staň sa súčasťou tímu vizionárov
Vytvárajme spolu budúcnosť kybernetickej bezpečnosti
späť na voľné pracovné miesta
Global e-Commerce Support Specialist
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Wage (gross)
From 1 850 EUR/month
*The final basic wage component can be adjusted according to the individual skills and experience of the selected candidate.
* Performance bonus 2 times per year up to 10% of the basic salary paid for the evaluation period(usually 6 months).
Contract type
full-time
Join Our Excellent Team as a Global e-Commerce Support Specialist at ESET!
ESET is a global leader in cybersecurity, dedicated to protecting over 110 million customers worldwide. Global e-Commerce is a dynamic digital channel that provides cybersecurity solutions directly to customers in real-time, every day. If you are a team player, with proactive attitude, self-driven, and eager to make a real impact to constantly drive forward a multi-million eCommerce business for ESET, we would like to see you at our Global Headquarters in Bratislava.
This position requires taking responsibility for a wider range of activities in the process of business and technical support, troubleshooting, implementation, running and further evolving of Global eStore in ESET markets.
Your role will be to:
Act as a responsible for the process of receiving, investigating, diagnosing, and resolving problems. It involves a systematic approach to:
Answer inquiries: provide mostly business and partially technical support for ESET regional offices and ESET’s internal teams via ticketing system and other channels
Identify and analyze issue: recognize the reported problem, analyze the symptoms to determine the underlying cause
Define solution: create specifications for developers or other relevant teams to restore proper functionality or perform system adjustments as necessary
Request and oversee implementation: manage the process to ensure it is completed correctly by the development team
Verify the fix: Ensure that the solution resolves the issue and prevents recurrence
Communicate and follow-up: communicate timeline, severity and explain resolution to reporter, answer their questions and solve eventual open issues throughout the entire process.
Work with developers to improve the e-Commerce platform based on customer feedback and user experience
Shape, adjust and keep up to date various tools/ processes to help our team manage requests efficiently
Create and improve business documentation needed for administration and development of the eCommerce system
Conduct Global eStore CMS education and provide tutorials support as necessary
Prepare Support reports to provide crucial insights into service performance, help identify frequent issues and inform strategic decisions
Assist with offering configuration and product catalogue maintenance on Global eStore
Manage delivery of guidelines and changelogs for ESET regional offices and ESET’s internal teams in timely fashion.
To successfully apply you need to have:
At least 2 years of experience in an e-Commerce support role or similar position
Solid technical skills and familiarity with e-commerce platforms and online purchasing processes
Excellent problem-solving abilities, connecting pieces of information to resolve complex issues
Customer-centric approach, passionate for delivering excellent service
Great understanding of complex systems, processes, and relations
Active English (at least C1)
Great advantage is:
Ability to read and cooperate on business or technical documentation (UML or BPMN diagrams)
Orientation in CMS, JIRA, Postman, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, APIs, SQL, system architecture
Background from software/hardware/IT-related industries
Experience from international companies or global markets
Our team demonstrates and you need to have too:
Strong team spirit – be a team player with a strong loyalty attitude
Highly proactive attitude and self-driven, we do not procrastinate ever
Respecting and friendly approach
Attentive to details
Positive can-do attitude
Committed to take ownership and complete tasks effectively
Ability to quickly learn new skills, grasp a new information and work with different tools
Proven excellence in communication and organization skills
Exceptional endurance and consistency
The position is maternity cover.
Kontaktná osoba
Veronika Vydrová
Poslať životopis
BENEFITY PRE TEBA
Flexibilita
Firemné podujatia
Benefity pre celú rodinu
Šport a zdravie Wellbeing
A ešte viac…
O ESETe
Spoločnosť ESET je globálnym lídrom v oblasti digitálnej bezpečnosti a je jedným z najväčších dodávateľov bezpečnostných riešení v Európskej únii. Zároveň je najväčšou a najoceňovanejšou IT firmou na Slovensku.
Už viac ako 30 rokov vyvíjame popredný softvér a služby zamerané na IT bezpečnosť a ochranu podnikov, kritickej infraštruktúry a domácností z celého sveta
Neustále hľadáme nové kolegyne alebo nových kolegov, ktorí chcú byť súčasťou úspešného slovenského príbehu s globálnym dopadom. V ESET neustále dokazujeme, že špičková expertíza a inovácie vytvorené na Slovensku majú silu konkurovať najväčším hráčom v oblasti kyberbezpečnosti po celom svete. Ak chceš pracovať pre firmu, ktorá stavia na kvalite, odbornostiach a reálnom dopade svojej práce vo svete, hľadáme práve
TEBA.
Okrem vytvárania bezpečnostných riešení pre zákazníkov je našim cieľom aj aktívne prispievať k inovatívnej a zodpovednej spoločnosti v oblasti
vzdelávania
,
vedy
a
výskumu
.
V ESETe sú diverzita, rovnosť a inklúzia (DEI) neoddeliteľnou súčasťou firemnej kultúry. Sme hrdým signatárom a ambasádorom
Charty diverzity
. Snažíme sa vytvárať pracovné
prostredie
, kde sa každý cíti cenený a rešpektovaný. S otvorenosťou vítame záujem jednotlivcov zo všetkých prostredí -  vrátane rasy, pohlavia, veku, náboženstva, zdravotného znevýhodnenia, či sexuálnej orientácie.
Viac sa o nás dozviete na
našej stránke
.
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5256616
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.3.2026
2026-03-24
lokalita:
Bratislava
Pozícia:
Business Analyst
,
Consultant
,
Customer Support Specialist
,
E-Commerce Specialist
,
IT/Technical Support Specialist
Spoločnosť:
ESET, spol. s r.o.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 850 EUR/month