Open positions
About us
Learn & Grow
We offer
Open positions
Technical
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
ICT Administrator II_Network
Place of work
Košice Region, Slovakia, Košice region (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 1 150 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Purpose
Independently check, execute, solve (where appropriate), and creates tickets (problem ticket, change management ticket, incident, delivery order (DO)) in order to maintain service to customers according to given quality KPIs and internal processes (INM, CHM, PRM, DOM). 2nd level environment.
What will you do?
2nd level INM support.
Execute project and other deliverables in order to fulfil KPIs and management requests.
Smooth and uninterrupted operation of customers’ environment.
Conformity with the internal work instructions and process guidelines within DTAG.
Follow the defined escalation standards in case of deviations.
Investigate the root cause of incidents and initiate actions to improve or correct the situation.
Participate on regular and/or irregular communication with colleagues in an international environment to ensure operational goals.
Coordinates the use of internal technical support and vendor support to ensure troubleshooting, maintenance, and an efficient end-user support.
Create and maintain documentation.
Train and participate on education of other employees.
Perform team specific non-technical tasks such as quality/ process/ reporting to support daily operation.
You will succeed if you:
have at least secondary education (IT or technical field preferred)
have basic to intermediate experience in networking (routing, switching, troubleshooting)
have at least 1–2 years of experience in IT or network-related role
understand networking fundamentals (TCP/IP, VLANs, basic routing concepts)
have experience or overview of network devices (Cisco, Juniper or similar is an advantage)
have basic experience with incident handling and monitoring tools
have general overview of IT infrastructure (HW/SW)
have IT/PC literacy – Advanced
have analytical thinking and are able to troubleshoot issues with support
are communicative and a team player
are willing to learn and grow in networking and operations
speak English – Intermediate (B1)
have basic overview of ITIL processes (incident, change management)
Possible specialisation
participation in on-call duties
support of incident troubleshooting (2nd level support)
cooperation with other technical teams
support of daily operations and maintenance activities
participation on documentation and knowledge sharing
Why should you choose us?
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work - life balance
Other benefits *
For more information about our benefits click to
Benefits
.
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.
This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules.
Wage (gross)
From 1 150 EUR/month
Final salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.
Contact
Contact person: Ing.  Lenka Možná
E-mail:
send CV
Apply now
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Moldavská cesta 8B, 040 11 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
DL_TSSK_HR_Recruitment@t-systems.com
Apply for a job
Recommend job to a friend
E-mail
Facebook
Viber
Whatsapp
ID:
5256072
Dátum zverejnenia:
24.3.2026
2026-03-24
lokalita:
Košice region
Pozícia:
IT Network Administrator
,
IT System Administrator
Spoločnosť:
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto):
1 150 EUR/month